question Who is Arya Stark's wife?
question Who escaped the persecution of House Stark?
question What is Arya trained as at the House of Black and White in Braavos?
question Who was the faceless man in Braavos?
question What male line does Arya exterminate after returning to Westeros?
question Who is the half-brother of Arya's half-brother?
question Where did Arya return to?
question Who manipulated Arya's half-brother?
question When did Arya kill the Night King?
question Who killed Cersei Lannister?
question Who destroys King's Landing?
question Who convinces Arya to abandon her quest for vengeance?
question Who is chosen as king in Westeros?
question What does Arya decide to leave Westeros after bidding farewell to her siblings?
question Who is the youngest daughter of Lady Catelyn and Lord Ned Stark?
question Who are Arya Stark's daughters?
question Who is Arya's bastard half-brother?
question Who is Arya's older sister?
question Who rejects the notion that she must become a lady and marry for influence and power?
question What does Arya believe she can do?
question What is Arya bored by?
question Who does Arya take after?
question Who is Arya close to?
question Who taught Arya how to sew?
question What does Bran, Jon, and Robb practice in the courtyard with their father?
question How does Arya annoy Bran?
question What does Bran chase Arya as their family chases?
question What happens to Arya when she joins the receiving line in the courtyard?
question Who overheards Arya when she asks Sansa where the Imp is?
question What does Arya test at the feast?
question What does Robert name Arya's father?
question What is Arya's name after a great warrior-queen of Essos?
question What does Arya receive as a gift from Jon?
question What does Arya name as a play on words that she may now enjoy doing needlework?
question Who is the son of the butcher in the King's retinue?
question Who spot Nymeria fighting?
question Who threatens Arya with a sword?
question What does Arya drive Nymeria off with so she won't be punished?
question Where is Arya's father located?
question What does Arya call her a?
question What did Arya join her sister in?
question What does Arya break down into after seeing that the queen's order will be carried out?
question What bodyguard murdered Mycah?
question Who does Arya and Sansa meet?
question What do Arya see in the Red Keep?
question Who brought his army across the Narrow Sea with the Targaryen exiles?
question What happens to Arya after he overhears Varys and Illyrio Mopatis?
question Who is Arya's father?
question What are the Starks and Lannisters?
question Who is the recruiter for the Night's Watch?
question What is Arya mistaken for?
question What happened to Arya while fighting Jaime?
question Who teaches Arya how to ignore Jory's troubles to focus on fighting?
question How are Sansa and Arya both?
question What does Sansa feel is nothing compared to breaking her betrothal to Joffrey?
question What does Eddard say he will choose another man for her to marry?
question What type of lion does Sansa want to have?
question What interjection did Arya assert that he will be a stag like his father?
question What is the name of the heir to the throne?
question Who admits that her children were fathered by her brother Jaime?
question What is the name of the man who kills the King when he is hunting?
question Who have Eddard arrested and send guards to take Arya into custody while she is training with Syrio?
question What does Eddard instruct Arya to do while he faces down the guards himself?
question What is the name of the Kingsguard?
question Where does Arya go first?
question Who finds Arya's sword in the bottom of her luggage?
question What happens to Arya as he comes at her?
question Who does Arya run away to find her way out of the castle?
question What show will Arya pose as a fresh recruit for?
question What does the Night's Watch tell Arya to do?
question Who bullied Arya?
question Who steps up to defend Arya?
question Where does the entire group depart?
question Who is one of the prisoners in the wagon?
question What happens when he is a murderer from the black cells of the dungeons?
question Who are the two murderers who threaten Arya and Gendry?
question Who sees through Arya's disguise?
question What does Yoren intimidate the gold cloaks?
question Who does Arya confess to?
question Who was Arya obsessed with?
question What did Yoren have to take the black?
question Who helped the Gold Cloaks return?
question Who did Yoren die heroically?
question Where does a fire start during the skirmish?
question What does Arya save the Gold Cloaks?
question Who steals Needle from Arya?
question Who does Arya convince that he killed Gendry?
question Where does Ser Amory take his captives?
question Who chooses one of Ser Amory's prisoners to be tortured by the Tickler?
question Who returns to Harrenhal and halts the ordeal?
question Lord Tywin Lannister criticizes Gregor for what?
question What does Lord Tywin Lannister realize Arya is?
question What did Lord Tywin Lannister believe Arya was a girl posing as a boy?
question What does Tywin make Arya his?
question What does Tywin stop Arya?
question What does Tywin realise that Arya is from the Riverlands?
question What is Arya's first lie that she is from?
question What does Arya repeat Upon being questioned about the northerners' opinions of her brother, Robb Stark?
question What does Tywin ask her if she believes he is invulnerable?
question Who is now a Lannister man-at-arms?
question How many deaths does Jaqen owe to her?
question Who is found dead in the courtyard by Tywin Lannister?
question Where is the Tickler found?
question What does Arya do to Jaqen to signify his responsibility?
question What did Arya learn to read when she read a letter?
question What does Arya distract by reading a letter?
question How many of Tywin's men were killed?
question Who is responsible for the assassination of Lord Tywin?
question What war did Tywin discuss the importance of legacy and the destruction of Harrenhal?
question What heightened Tywin's suspicions?
question Where does Tywin drive Robb's armies from?
question Who does Arya name to drive Robb's armies from the Westerlands?
question Who is Jaqen's last target to protect Robb?
question What does Jaqen do when he returns from patrol?
question Where do Arya, Hot Pie, and Gendry continue to travel?
question Where are Arya, Hot Pie and Gendry taken to?
question Who spots Arya and reveals her true identity?
question Who is Arya taken to at their hideout in the Riverlands?
question Who accuses Clegane of murdering Mycah?
question Who resurrected Dondarrion?
question Who is declared innocent and released to Arya's disgust?
question Who did Arya ask Gendry for repairing?
question What does Gendry want to do to protect the smallfolk and join the Brotherhood?
question What would Arya be if he goes with her?
question What does Melisandre anticipate?
question Who is Melisandre's target?
question How many sacks of gold did Melisandre give to the Brotherhood?
question What does Melisandre call Arya?
question What does Melisandre look into Arya's eyes?
question What does Melisandre see in her eyes?
question What does Melisandre tell Arya that they will meet again?
question What is the only true god Arya believes in?
question What does Arya angrily call the Lannister soldiers out on?
question What happens if Arya fails to hit him and kill him?
question What is the name of the horse that Arya sits with?
question What does Sandor say about Arya?
question What river does Arya initially think of the Hound?
question What is the name of the river that Arya initially thinks Arya is taking her back to King's Landing?
question Who will marry Arya and the Hound at the Twins?
question What did Sandor tell Arya that if she was not so busy trying to bash his skull in?
question What does Arya hide as the Hound spurs the horse to a gallop?
question Sandor punches the hog farmer and what happens to him?
question What blow blows Arya to the head?
question Where does Arya gaze toward?
question What is Arya afraid of?
question What was the name of Sandor's flaming sword?
question What is Sandor's name?
question What does Sandor tell a Frey guard they have for the wedding feast?
question Where does Arya run away from Sandor?
question Who kills the Stark men?
question How many crossbowmen come out of the castle?
question What does Sandor say is too late to enter the castle?
question What did Sandor realize that any attempt to intervene at this point would be?
question What was the head of the mutilated corpse attached to Arya's brother's body?
question What army is massacred during the Red Wedding?
question Who's body was sewed on Grey Wind's head?
question What horse does Arya dismount from Sandor?
question What does Sandor want to do to Arya?
question What does Sandor do when she drops the Braavosi coin?
question What does Sandor ask Arya?
question Who whispers to Arya about the Braavosi coin?
question Who is Arya's aunt?
question What does Arya want to do for her to stay a distance away from the Hound?
question What does the Hound argue that giving Arya a horse would provide her with the chance to escape?
question Who turns hostile when Arya and Polliver are in the tavern?
question What does Arya put a sword through the Hound?
question What does Polliver say to Lommy before he killed him?
question What will Arya do to Polliver?
question What happens to Polliver as Polliver realizes who she is?
question What allows Arya to take one of the Lannister horses when they leave?
question What do the Hound and Arya stop to do?
question Where does Arya take her to?
question What group does Arya say he might join?
question Who asks the Hound what they are doing on his lands?
question What is the name of the soldier that Arya makes up a story about the Hound being a soldier for?
question What does Arya wake up to the next morning?
question What has Arya beaten the farmer and taken his silver?
question How many kingdoms is Arya the worst shit?
question Who will not survive this winter?
question What happens when Arya recites her list?
question What does the Hound tell Arya to do after a while?
question What does Arya say she can't go to sleep without saying all of the names?
question Who asks Arya if she is going to name every person in Westeros?
question What does the Hound say is as good as any motivation to keep a person going?
question How many names would the Hound cross from their death lists?
question What would Arya tell his brother to do if the Mountain was at their camp?
question What does the Hound tell Arya to do?
question How many names has Arya left to finish her death list?
question Sandor addresses his wounds from whom?
question Why is Sandor rebuffed?
question What caused Sandor's facial scars?
question What does Arya offer to Arya?
question Who informs Arya and Sandor of Lysa Arryn's death?
question Which two men encounter Brienne of when Arya and Sandor leave the Eyrie?
question Who did Arya Stark wear to to find and protect?
question What is a gift from Jaime?
question What do Brienne and Sandor believe they should be the one to watch over Arya?
question Where did Brienne knock Sandor down?
question What does Arya do instead of going with Brienne and Pod?
question Where is Ternesio Terys going?
question Who is the captain of the Titan's Daughter?
question What ship does Ternesio Terys offer her a cabin aboard?
question Where is Arya shown?
question Where does Arya arrive?
question Who would wake and protect Braavos whenever Braavos stood in danger in the old times?
question What is Arya's response to the Titan?
question Who lets out a loud blast announcing their arrival?
question Where does Terys row Arya to?
question What happens when the man from the House of Black and White appears again behind Arya?
question Where did Arya return to the House of Black and White?
question What does Arya tell Jaqen when she leaves to pray?
question Who recites the phrase that means all men must serve?
question How many men take Arya's body away?
question Who accosted Arya?
question What weapon did The Waif use to attack the Waif?
question What does Arya need to do to meet the order's initiation requirements?
question When Arya is sweeping the floor, Jaqen escorts Arya to an inner chamber where she is to help the
question What does the Waif do when Arya asks?
question When does the Waif tell Arya that she will know what?
question What does Arya want to do?
question What did the Waif tell Arya she tried playing the game of faces?
question What does Arya ask Arya when she is about to walk away?
question How did the Waif try to poison Arya?
question Who did the Waif seek out to exact Arya's revenge?
question What does the Waif say Arya must be able to do to pass the game of faces?
question What is Jaqen able to tell when Arya is lying?
question What does Jaqen H'ghar say to Arya?
question Where were all the faces taken from?
question What does Jaqen H'ghar ask Arya if she is ready to do?
question What does Jaqen H'ghar say Arya is ready to become?
question Who is Arya posing as?
question Who is Arya distracted by before the assassination?
question Who does Meryn Trant guard on his way to the Iron Bank?
question What is the name of the brothel that Arya follows to?
question What does Meryn Trant prefer?
question What happens to the first two of Trant's beatings?
question What does Trant do to the third girl?
question What did Arya tease Meryn Trant about?
question What does Arya assume about Meryn Trant?
question What happens to Meryn Trant?
question What is Arya's punishment for stealing from the Many-Faced God?
question Who caught Arya's punishment for stealing from the Many-Faced God?
question What does the Waif say can pay for life?
question How many faces does Arya remove from Jaqen's body?
question What color does Arya's eyes fill over with as she is rendered blind as punishment?
question What does Arya fight the Waif?
question What happened to Arya after overhearing two passing citizens?
question What is the name of the stick Arya fights and loses another sparring match against the Waif?
question Who does the Waif leave Arya?
question Who beats Arya in another sparring match?
question What happens between Arya and the Waif?
question What does Jaqen drink to Arya?
question What actress is Arya tasked with killing?
question Who is jealous of Lady Crane?
question What does Arya poison after watching The Bloody Hand?
question What does the Cersei character's response to the death of her son include?
question What does Crane do after asking Arya if she likes pretending to be others?
question What did Arya abandon her goal of becoming?
question Who stabs Arya?
question Where does Lady Crane collapse from her injuries?
question Where does Lady Crane take Arya to?
question What does Lady Crane take to relieve Arya's pain?
question Where does Arya find herself after scurrying the back-alleys of Braavos?
question How do Arya's wounds become undone?
question What does Arya start by confronting Needle?
question Where does Arya remove her face?
question Where does Jaqen return to?
question Who was the cause of the deaths of Black Walder Rivers and Lame Lothar Frey?
question Who does Arya serve as a serving girl?
question What does Arya do after she reveals her true identity?
question Who killed House Frey's sons?
question What did Arya give her audience after poisoning House Frey's sons?
question What does Arya refuse to let any of the women partake?
question What was the name of the infamous Frey wedding?
question What do the Frey sons begin to do?
question Who is Walder's wife?
question What does a small convoy of Lannister soldiers get Arya attention with?
question What do Lannister soldiers offer Arya?
question Arya chooses her home instead of what?
question Who can prove Arya Stark's identity?
question What does the guards tell Arya that there is nobody by the names at Winterfell?
question Who is Arya's sister?
question What do the guards try to brush Arya Stark aside?
question What are the guards concerned about Arya Stark?
question What happens to Arya Stark as soon as they take their eyes off her?
question Where does Arya look over their father's grave?
question What is the first thing that has happened to Arya and Sansa in the past few years?
question What does Sansa Lady Stark insist on?
question What does Sansa Lady Stark do?
question What do Arya and Arya look sadly on?
question What does Arya say about Jon and Arya?
question What does Sansa acknowledge?
question What does Arya point out about Jon and Arya?
question What did Sansa explain to Arya about Joffrey?
question What did Arya say he was at the top of her list?
question What did Arya say she was keeping a list of everyone she was going to kill?
question What did Sansa only say about Arya's road?
question What did Sansa say her road wasn't?
question What did Sansa say they did to Arya?
question Who is home to Arya?
question Who does Sansa not mention?
question What is Arya saddened to see?
question Where did Bran see Arya?
question What does Sansa say Bran is having?
question Why is Arya still disinterested in the Valyrian steel dagger?
question What type of steel does Arya think a cutthroat would have?
question Who did Bran say wanted to kill Arya?
question What does Bran say Arya can have?
question Where are the three trueborn Stark children reunited?
question Who knocks Brienne down when he overextends himself?
question Who watch on silently from the walkway above?
question What training did Syrio Forel use to help Arya outmaneuver Brienne?
question What kind of openings does Arya achieve if she wanted them to be?
question What happens to a sparring session with Arya?
question What kind of dagger did Arya switch to in her belt?
question What is Arya's position as a noblewoman?
question What does Arya do to Brienne?
question What does each of Brienne's arms hold at the other's throat?
question Who watched Arya's duel with Brienne?
question Who did Sansa address over their concerns with Jon's absence?
question When did the Vale come to Sansa's aid?
question Who did Sansa remind her sister that they need to work together in order to survive?
question Where does Littlefinger hide a rolled parchment inside Sansa's mattress?
question Who planted the letter on purpose to manipulate Arya?
question What did Arya discover about her father's death?
question Where did Arya watch her sister's letter from the balcony?
question Who did Arya and Sansa's brothers finish training with?
question What did Sansa insist she was forced to write?
question What did Arya call her stupid for?
question What statue did Arya see from?
question What did Littlefinger suggest Sansa use to protect her from Arya?
question What do Baelish's attempts to manipulate the situation turn to when Arya moves in and slits his throat with his own
question Who discuss their pasts?
question What does Sansa think Arya could have?
question What are the strengths of Arya and Sansa?
question What is Arya fascinated by when Drogon and Rhaegal fly overhead?
question What does Arya tell Gendry to do?
question What does the Hound call Arya?
question Who does Gendry agree with?
question Who does Arya shoot back that Gendry doesn't know any other highborn girls?
question What has the army of the dead taken?
question What does Arya tell Gendry to do before asking him what was fighting the wights like?
question What does Gendry say about the wights?
question What does Gendry say the wights are like?
question What does Arya stand for?
question What is the weapon Arya receives from Gendry?
question What ritual does Arya tell her about?
question What did Arya force Gendry to admit his parentage as?
question What does Gendry admit to being intimate with Melisandre?
question Why does Arya want to know the feeling of physical love before she does?
question What does Arya do to Gendry?
question Who is Arya waiting for?
question What does Arya say to Sansa?
question What does Arya shoot at the wights?
question Who couldn't light the trench as planned?
question Who gives the living some moment of reprieve?
question Who does Arya fight on the ramparts of Winterfell?
question Who is surprised by Arya's ability to kill off many wights?
question Who knocked Arya into a doorway?
question What does Arya feel about the gash at the side of her head?
question What does Arya take as she traverses through the corridors?
question What does Arya hide from?
question Where does Arya hide from the wights?
question What does Arya throw a book into an area of the room away from the exit?
question What is Arya's relief?
question Where does Arya appear when a wight tackles her?
question What does Beric throw into Arya's doorway?
question How is Beric stabbed in the leg while the Hound fights more wights?
question Where does Beric pin a wight to?
question What does Arya pick up to kill the wights hurting Arya?
question What did Melisandre say Beric had fulfilled?
question Who said that Beric would meet again?
question What did Melisandre say to Arya?
question What color does Melisandre remind Arya of her destiny?
question What does Melisandre do to Arya?
question What does Melisandre say to?
question Who was the acolyte of the Faceless Men?
question What do the Faceless Men share before Arya leaves her and the Hound?
question Who arrives to the godswood after his army cleared the path for him?
question What did the Night King shatter into?
question Why does Arya refuse to marry Westeros?
question When the meeting is adjourned, what happens to Arya and Sansa?
question What does Arya say they'll never know Daenerys because she's not one of them?
question What does Arya say they can't only trust the people they grew up with?
question What is Arya's brother?
question What is Jon's brother's name?
question What did Jon swear about Daenerys' heritage?
question Who departs Winterfell?
question Who asks why Arya was leaving Winterfell?
question What two men intend to seek revenge on?
question Where do the two arrive the night before battle is set to begin?
question Who stops Arya and Sandor?
question What does Sandor do to Arya?
question What does Sandor call Arya for the first time?
question What kind of flames does Arya escape?
question How is Arya unable to help anyone?
question When is the Battle of King's Landing over?
question Who is involved in the trial of Daenerys?
question Who agrees with the idea of Unsullied doing what they want with Jon?
question Who should choose their new king or queen?
question What does Arya withhold at the meeting?
question Where does Arya depart?
question What social expectations are Arya unconstrained by?
question What does Arya make others smile?
question When she watches her pet, sword instructor, friends, and family members taken from her one by one, what happens to her?
question When she witnesses and learns of the betrayal and murder of her family at the Red Wedding, what happens to her?
question What did Arya not attempt to hide her glee over slitting Walder Frey's throat?
question What has Arya shown to be willing to use to worsen her enemies fate?
question Who did Polliver gouge the eyes of before stabbing him?
question What does Arya choose to do against her enemies after learning that her family has retaken Winterfell?
question What does Arya prefer?
question Why did Arya not actively speak out against Daenerys?
question What does Arya withhold during the council meeting to elect the next monarch?
question What does all of this speak to?
question What does Arya's list contain?
question Who was never included in Arya's kill list?
question Who was Roose Bolton's son?
question Who did Arya not include for taking Winterfell in the first place?
question Who was the executioner who beheaded her father?
question What type of cancer did Ilyn Payne develop after Season 2?
question What role does Maisie Williams play Arya?
question What is Maisie Williams's position in the books?
question Who would be outraged if she didn't play Arya left-handed?
question Who wore large, millimeter-wide contact lenses?
question How can Arya see her eyes?
question When Arya is blinded, how did she see her eyes?
question Who told Williams to use the blinding-contacts from the start?
question When did Williams explain that the true blindness contacts were only used?
question What kind of holes did Williams switch to when she was blind?
question What were the times when Williams is moving around and wearing the alternate contacts she can actually see through?
question Who was a stunt double for Maisie Williams in the role of Arya Stark?
question How is Arya portrayed in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
question How does Arya lose her humanity?
question How old is Arya when King Robert arrives at Winterfell?
question Who does Arya want to learn how to fight with a sword and ride horses?
question Who stole Arya's real sister?
question What did Jon assure Arya that she is?
question What is Arya's long face called by her sister and her sister's friends?
question What is Arya known as by the Winterfell staff?
question What is Arya Underfoot in the TV series?
question What did Arya do in the novels?
question What is something that Yoren starts doing on her own?
question Who told Yoren that Lord Eddard was to be given mercy, allowed to take the black, and would be traveling back with him to the Wall
question What did Joffrey respond to when he said something must have gone wrong?
question What role does Tywin serve in Season of the TV series?
question Where was Arya's storyline at?
question What is Arya exposed to on a regular basis after being captured by Ser Gregor Clegane's men?
question Who beats Arya?
question What is the name of the man-at-arms for Gregor Clegane?
question Who are not killed by Jaqen H'ghar?
question Why does Arya leave Harrenhal?
question Who died in the fall of Arya Bolton?
question Who is a sellsword for Arya?
question Where does Arya pray to the old gods?
question What do the guards ride away from Harrenhal?
question Who was declared the new King in the North?
question What is Arya normally not referred to as?
question What does Robb, Catelyn, and the Freys refer to Arya as when brokering their marriage-alliance?
question What does Elmar try to do to Arya?
question How many of Arya's brothers are dead?
question What happens when Arya responds derisively?
question Who has been acting as an envoy ferrying peace terms between Robb and Tyrion Lannister?
question Who did Catelyn release in the hope that her last daughter can be returned to her?
question What map does Hot Pie use to guide them through the Riverlands?
question What is the promise of the Brotherhood Without Banners?
question What does Arya try to do with the Brotherhood Without Banners?
question Who is the former member of the Stark Household guard?
question Who remains at the inn?
question What does Arya describe Gendry as?
question What is the relationship between Arya and Gendry?
question Who offers to have sex with Gendry?
question Who shows interest in Arya?
question When does a love song appear in the series?
question Who is Arya pained when he chooses to stay behind with?
question When does another member of the Brotherhood capture the Hound?
question Where is Beric hiding?
question What does Beric do to the Hound?
question What does Arya feel is allowed to go free even though he is guilty?
question What does the Hound do after they leave the Hollow Hill to take Arya to Riverrun?
question What kind of child does the Ghost of High Heart look at Arya?
question What is the name of the wolf child?
question What do you think you are to come to my hill?
question Where did Arya gorge on grief?
question What kind of heart does Arya have?
question What does Arya wonder if the woman is mad?
question What does Arya wonder if the woman is?
question Who sees that Catelyn isn't at Riverrun?
question Who does the Brotherhood plan to take Arya to?
question When does the Hound plan to get Catelyn to the Twins?
question Who attacks the Northerners before they can get very far?
question What does the Hound do to Catelyn?
question What does the Hound refuse to do when Catelyn wakes?
question What does Arya go into when she finds Catelyn's body in Nymeria?
question Who do Arya and the Hound encounter in the novels?
question What do Arya and The Hound fight at the Crossroads Inn?
question What happens to the Hound during the fight?
question What does Arya refuse to give him a merciful death?
question What does Arya do not take?
question Where does Arya ride to to find a ship that will take her to Jon at the Wall?
question What can Arya only identify as in A Feast for Crows?
question What must Arya be at all times and in all things?
question What can Arya find?
question What does Arya insist on?
question What does Needle do to Arya?
question What two cooks do Arya spend time with?
question What is the name of the fishmonger Arya works for?
question What name does Arya try to use during her first tasks?
question What language does Brusco learn to master?
question What do Brusco tell the kindly man three new things she learned?
question What do Brusco's daughters note about her wolf dreams?
question What was Arya's job as?
question What is Arya indifferent to hear about her aunt's death?
question Who saves Arya from two bullies?
question Who announces that he plans to make a life for himself in Braavos?
question Why does Arya dissociate herself from her past?
question What does the kindly man give Arya?
question Who gives Arya her first assignment to kill the old insurance seller?
question What is Arya uncertain about?
question What does the Kindly Man do to Arya?
question Where does the Kindly Man order Arya to begin her first apprenticeship?
question What is the reason Arya is not ordered to kill any of the actors?
question Who is the new identity of the Kindly Man?
question Who does Arya notice while she is there?
question Who is forced by the Lannisters to pose as Arya?
question What does Jon do as a member of the Night's Watch?
question Who does Melisandre send to save Arya?
question What does Jon try to find to foster Arya across the sea?
question What is Jon's closest relationship to Arya?
question What letter does Ramsay send to Jon?
question Where does Jon decide to rescue Arya from the Boltons?
question Who does Melisandre not add to her list?
question What type of portrayal did Arya lose her humanity?
question What did Arya realize was the duel between Beric and the Hound?
question Who does Arya murder people who have not done her, her family or friends any ill?
question What has Arya become?
question What does Arya seem to care about?
question Who was Eddard's maternal grandmother?
question What clan did the main novels mention that Eddard's grandmother was from?
question What type of folk are Winterfell?
question What clan is located just off the northwest coast?
question Who joins the clans in his military campaign against the ironborn and the Boltons?
question How many novels is Arya the only character to have POV chapters in?
question What percentage of Disney's Star Daenery TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenArya StarkSansa Star
question Who is the Warden of the North?
question What is one of the constituent regions of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who executed Brandon?
question What is Bran's name when he has done something wrong?
question What is Bran's favorite hobby?
question Under whom does Bran practice archery?
question What is the name of the assassin who attempts to kill Bran?
question At what end of Bran's bed does Summer stand guard?
question What is the name of Sansa's direwolf?
question Who did Old Nan tell Bran about the winter?
question What does Robb say he would rather be dead, to Robb's distress?
question What does Bran say he would rather be dead to?
question Who is confident that Tyrion's saddle will work?
question What does Luwin suggest Bran could learn to use a shortbow from?
question What injured Robert Baratheon while hunting in a drunken state?
question What does Bran say to Robb when he leads the Stark armies to war?
question Who is the servant of Winterfell?
question What is the name of Osha's dream?
question What does Bran taunt Osha about?
question What is the name of Bran's deceased relatives?
question Who was in Bran's dream?
question Who are the names of Bran's relatives?
question Who go back to the surface and try to soothe Bran's worries about his father?
question Where does Hodor walk?
question What is the name of Bran's dream as he sees his reflection in the Godswood?
question What is the name of the wolf above Bran?
question What does Bran say about the return of dragons to the world?
question What is the name of Summer's dream?
question What does Summer see himself awakening?
question What did Maester Luwin say he once heard of?
question What does Bran sit at the high table as?
question Who is the Lord of Winterfell?
question What does Ser Rodrik Cassel do to Winterfell?
question What has been besieged by Ser Rodrik?
question Who does Bran surrender Winterfell to?
question What does Theon tell Bran that he has seized Winterfell?
question What does Theon say Bran reluctantly complies with?
question Who is captured on his return from Torrhen's Square?
question Why is Theon forced to execute Winterfell?
question What does Theon carry out?
question How many charred corpses did Bran and Rickon return to Winterfell?
question Who are the two orphan boys that Bran and Rickon had previously assigned to assist a shepherd?
question Who does Bran make a tearful farewell to?
question What does Bran dream about?
question What does Bran try to shoot?
question Who does Bran awaken for a moment?
question What does Osha say they have enough problems without?
question Who is Bran's sister?
question What is the rare gift of seeing the past and present through his dreams?
question What does Jojen advise Bran to follow?
question Who does Bran solve a dispute between Osha and Meera Reed?
question What does Jojen Reed experience while sleeping?
question What story did Bran and Jojen listen to?
question What happened to Osha?
question What does the group notice after seeking shelter in a derelict windmill?
question What sounds terrify Hodor?
question What does Jojen tell Hodor?
question What does Bran use his Warg powers to render Hodor unconscious?
question Where does Jojen convince Bran to skinchange?
question Who is a loyal bannerman of the Starks?
question Who does Bran bid a tearful farewell to?
question What castle is rumored to be haunted?
question Who tells Sam that they are going beyond the Wall?
question What secret does Sam show to the White Walkers?
question Who did Bran pass beyond the Wall?
question What tree does Bran skinchange with?
question What angers Bran?
question What do they warn Bran that if he stays in the wolf too long, he will stay in Summer permanently and lose everything he has
question What does Bran tell the others that he knows?
question Where is Bran held?
question What sounds do Bran and his companions hear?
question What does Bran find in Summer's mind?
question What trap does Summer catch before he can free Ghost?
question Who is the prisoner for Summer and Ghost?
question Who threatens to kill Hodor?
question What does Bran decide to do to fulfill his destiny?
question Who searches for Bran and attempts to escape the keep with Bran?
question What do Bran try to do to get his attention?
question What does Bran prepare to do if he goes with Jon back to Castle Black?
question Why is Jojen fatally stabbed?
question Who leads the group into a cave after burning Jojen's body when she dies?
question What does Child of the Forest explain?
question What did Meera say about Jojen?
question Who asks how he knows Jojen?
question What does the raven tell Bran that he did not want anyone to die for him?
question What did the raven say Jojen died?
question What does Bran ask the raven to do to Jojen?
question What does the raven say Bran will never walk again?
question What happens when Sansa asks if he knows where they might have gone to?
question What does Sansa feel about the revelation that Bran and Rickon are still alive?
question What is the name of the name of the three-eyed Raven who visits Winterfell in the past?
question Who was Bran's father Ned and his uncle Benjen Stark?
question What is the name of the stable boy Hodor used to be before he became simpleton?
question What does the Three-Eyed Raven warn Bran about?
question Where does Bran remind Meera that she was having trouble coping with the loss of Jojen?
question Who tells Meera of Bran's importance to Bran's future?
question Where did Bran and the Three-Eyed Raven view the events that unfolded towards the end of Robert's Rebellion?
question Who is one of Ned Stark's bannermen?
question Which two Kingsguards guard the Tower of Joy?
question How many men are duel at the Tower of Joy?
question Who defeats nearly all of Ned's retainers?
question What did Bran feel about the stories he heard?
question What is the name of the sword that Ned partially decapitated?
question What is the name of the woman screamed from the tower?
question Why does Ned stop to look around?
question Who brings both Ned and Bran out of the past?
question How many years ago did Bran and the Three-Eyed Raven witness the creation of the first White Walker?
question Why did Leaf confess to the revelation?
question What culture did Bran recall that made the White Walkers a necessary action?
question What does Bran connect with without the consent of the Raven?
question Who informs Bran that the Night King has knowledge of their location?
question What is Benjen still caught in visions about?
question Who is able to kill all the wights?
question What is the name of Bran's uncle?
question Who stopped Benjen from becoming a Wight?
question What happens to Bran and Meera?
question What do Bran and Meera leave by the weirwood?
question How does Bran see the weirwood?
question Who implored Ned to protect him from?
question Who led the men of the Night's Watch?
question What tree did the White Walkers see from the Night's Watch?
question Where does Jon leave Winterfell?
question Where do Sansa and Bran talk by the weirwood tree?
question Who did Bran tell Sansa about her white wedding dress when she married?
question Who made Bran's wheelchair?
question What was the name of the assassin that Petyr responds to?
question What does Bran say to Varys after thwarting his plan to marry Sansa to Loras Tyrell?
question What does Petyr say to Bran?
question Where does Bran ask if she is leaving?
question Where are the ravens dangerously close to?
question Who spots Bran and dispels the warged ravens?
question Who was Bran's former childhood friend?
question Who did the High Septon secretly annul Rhaegar's marriage to?
question What was based on a lie?
question What is Jon's name?
question Who greet Bran when they return to the North?
question What does Bran say he is not angry, much to Jaime's astonishment?
question Which council votes Bran as king of the Six Kingdoms?
question Who does Tyrion convince to let the new king of the Seven Kingdoms decide Jon's fate?
question Why does Tyrion believe Bran should be king?
question Why does Tyrion ask Bran to lead the Seven Kingdoms to the best of his abilities?
question What does Bran ask if they have heard where Drogon went?
question What does Drogon decide to look for when they are unable to give a satisfying answer?
question What type of boy did Bran have before his fall?
question What was the main reason for Bran's fall?
question What did Bran turn towards after his fall?
question What type of nature did Bran have?
question What did Bran love as much as he did climbing?
question When Robb left to fight Tywin, what was the name of Bran's role?
question What was one of the first things Bran pressed about when he reached the Three-Eyed Raven?
question What does Bran feel about the prospect of returning to the real world?
question What did Bran realize he was responsible for in the first place?
question What battle has Bran's powers taken since?
question What has Bran become to a fault?
question Who did Bran have a conversation with during the Battle at the Cave of the Three-Eyed Raven?
question Who were secretly married to Bran?
question Who is one of the most powerful human magic users in Game of Thrones?
question What game has Bran Stark shown himself to be one of the most powerful human magic users?
question What is the name of the video Wargs and the Sight on the Season Blu-ray?
question What season does Bran Stark not appear in?
question Who explained that Bran Stark caught up with his material from the most recent book?
question What type of hair does Bran have on A Song of Ice and Fire?
question Who did Robert Baratheon spar with when Bran visits Winterfell?
question Who does Catelyn pray to to keep Bran from leaving Winterfell?
question Who shoved Bran out of a tower window?
question What is the name of the three-eyed crow in the series?
question What does Bran see in a coma after the fall?
question What does Bran learn about when he wakes from his coma?
question Which two men were to their graves?
question Who struggles to take on Robb's role as lord?
question What does Bran learn about Robb?
question What does Bran's second novel focus on?
question Who is responsible for the decision making of Winterfell?
question What is held at the castle now that autumn has begun?
question Who reaffirm the crannogman's oath of fealty to House Stark?
question What does Jojen share with Bran?
question When are the Reeds introduced?
question What is one of Jojen's visions?
question Where is Rodrik distracted by the attack on Winterfell?
question Who is a Winterfell prisoner who served the presumed dead Ramsay Snow?
question Who helped the Reeds escape from Winterfell?
question What do the Reeds end up circling back to hide in the castle's crypts?
question Who sacks Winterfell and takes Theon prisoner?
question What is the name of the dying person in the godswood?
question What does Theon advise the Reeds to split Bran and Rickon up for?
question What book does Bran spend traveling to the Wall with the Reeds?
question Where do the Reeds come upon a man who seems to recognize who Bran is due to his direwolf and paralysis?
question What do the children see Jon fighting below them?
question What do the children see Jon fighting Wildlings below them?
question Who instructed Sam and Gilly to send Bran and his party through the Wall to meet him on the other side?
question What is the name of the paraplegic man accompanied by?
question Where does Sam bring the Wildlings to?
question How many times does Sam swear that he will not tell anyone about meeting Bran?
question What does the body of the three-eyed crow have?
question What is the answer to the three-eyed crow?
question Who helps the children to the other side without his instruction while they make their way to the cave on their own?
question Who is the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who was the daughter of Lord?
question Who were the bastard children of Jaime Lannister?
question What was the name of Cersei?
question What was the last monarch to sit on?
question Who was Cersei's wife?
question Where was Cersei raised?
question What was Cersei known for?
question When did Cersei's mother die?
question Where did Cersei have other partners?
question Who did Cersei hope she would marry?
question What was Melara's desire to marry?
question What did Cersei reveal to her that she would be cast down by another, younger and more beautiful queen?
question When was Cersei married to King Robert Baratheon?
question What did Cersei refuse to have the body taken from her?
question What did Cersei's feelings for Robert turn to?
question Who was the Hand of the King?
question What does Queen Cersei believe Jaime could be the next Hand?
question Who is Cersei's best friend?
question Who accompany Cersei?
question Who is the former betrothed?
question What do Cersei and Catelyn Stark exchange?
question Who do Cersei and Jaime go hunting?
question Where do Cersei and Jaime liaise?
question What does Bran Stark find Cersei and Jaime engaged in?
question Who caught Bran Stark?
question What does Jaime feign Bran with?
question How old is Bran?
question How many times does Bran respond to Bran?
question What did Cersei note about Bran?
question Who laugh when Tyrion tells his family what he plans to do while at the Wall?
question What was the cause of the death of Catelyn's first child?
question What did Cersei and Robert say were grief-stricken?
question Who was the cause of the incident between Cersei and Eddard?
question What does Cersei insist must be killed?
question What is the name of the wolf that Cersei has killed when Nymeria cannot be found?
question When does Cersei tell Joffrey that the truth will be whatever he decides it will be?
question How much will he force the Starks to contribute to a standing army?
question What does Cersei believe the North is to be militarily conquered by outsiders?
question What does Cersei believe he will need to be as king?
question Who embarrasses Cersei?
question Who does Cersei visit at his chambers?
question What did Cersei tell Robert that at the start of their marriage?
question Who do Cersei and Robert visit as he recovers from wounds sustained fighting Jaime and his guards?
question What does Eddard do to Cersei?
question What does Eddard hit Cersei?
question Who confronts Cersei and tells her he knows her children are fathered by Jaime?
question What does Neddard say Cersei and her brother belong together?
question What did Cersei whisper on their wedding night?
question What does Cersei tell Ned?
question What role does Cersei serve as following Robert's death?
question Who is Robert's name?
question Who tries to reveal the truth with Eddard?
question Who is killed by Eddard?
question What does the letter backfire as it encourages Robb to raise an army and march into the Riverlands to confront the Lannister armies?
question In what court does Cersei encourage Sansa to make a new plea to Joffrey for her father's life?
question Who 'confesses' Ned's crimes?
question Who is the royal executioner?
question What did Cersei attempt to secure her son's hold on?
question Who was Lancel's cousin?
question What does Cersei order the gates barred to prevent further refugees from entering the city?
question What does Cersei do when she slap him?
question What do Cersei order to have no rival claimants in case his true parentage is revealed?
question Who refuses a request for aid from the Night's Watch?
question Who is the commander of the City Watch?
question What did Cersei confront him for?
question What is Tyrion upset at?
question What was Tyrion's finest joke about her relationship with Jaime?
question What does Pycelle inform Cersei of Tyrion's plans to marry Myrcella into?
question What did Pycelle do to Cersei?
question At what battle did Robb Stark win a major victory?
question Who does Cersei want to release?
question Who is Pycelle's cousin?
question When does Lancel arrive?
question Who was killed in the death of Cersei?
question Who has assumed control of Renly's army?
question Who is Cersei irate about?
question What guild is Cersei relying on to supply Wildfire?
question How often does Tyrion threaten to deprive Myrcella of someone he loves?
question What is the name of the starving crowd in the Red Keep?
question What does Tyrion do to the Lannister guards?
question What does Cersei offer Sansa advice on?
question What does love make you?
question What does Cersei fear is the price for Joffrey's sins?
question What is Joffrey keen to fight in?
question What necklace did Tyrion give her?
question What does Tyrion vow to do when Cersei least suspects it?
question What poison did Cersei obtain from the Pycelle?
question What does Cersei try to keep up the morale of the women?
question Ser Ilyn is there to kill the women if what is breached?
question What is the name of the pillar that Cersei pushes Tommen into?
question Who is the Kingsguard?
question Why is Tyrion left to recover from his wounds?
question Who does Cersei release?
question Who does Joffrey ask Joffrey to marry?
question What kind of applause did the court welcome the decision?
question What did Cersei agree to do to her guards?
question When did Cersei discover that a servant girl had stolen a necklace?
question What does the queen admit to Tyrion?
question When does Cersei leave to prevent Meryn Trant and Bronn from exchanging blows?
question Who are the guests of Cersei and Joffrey's dinner party?
question What did Margaery hand out to the smallfolk of the city?
question What is Margaery skilled at?
question Who did Margaery trade veiled insults with?
question What does Margaery dress like for a reason?
question Where is Tywin Lannister's meeting place changed?
question Where are all of the seats on Tywin's landing?
question Who does Cersei speak with?
question Who takes Joffrey with her to greet the common people?
question Who waved to the crowd outside the Sept of Baelor?
question Who does Cersei and LittlefingerCersei encounter?
question Who does Littlefinger agree to marry to Sansa?
question Who observes Loras and Sansa from Cersei's chambers?
question What battle did Cersei accuse his sister of trying to kill him?
question When does Tyrion decide to dieh Sansa's hopes?
question What does Margaery threaten to have Margaery strangled in her sleep?
question What do Joffrey ridicule Tyrion?
question Where does Joffrey head to during the wedding feast?
question What does Cersei do to Margaery Tyrell?
question Where does Cersei stare?
question Who listens to Tyrion's threats?
question When does Tywin call out Tywin's cowardice?
question What does Tyrion ask her if she is happy as she has children?
question What does Cersei admit to being unhappy with Tyrion?
question Who was born in the Red Keep?
question What does Tyrion ask her when they have dealt with all their enemies?
question What is on Cersei's bed?
question What does Jaime do when she attempts to make love to her?
question Who is Cersei present at?
question Who does Cersei sit with during the wedding feast?
question Who congratulates the king and Margaery?
question What did Cersei do instead of bowed?
question How does Brienne respond to Cersei?
question What does Cersei tell Pycelle to do?
question Who did Cersei order Pycelle to give the leftovers to?
question What does Pycelle threaten to have him killed if he does not?
question Who do Cersei and Tywin meet?
question What was Tyrion's speech?
question What does Joffrey begin to do?
question What does Tyrion die in her arms?
question What kind of rage does Cersei accuse Tyrion?
question What did Cersei know about for protecting Tommen?
question Who released Sansa Stark from his captivity?
question What did Jaime say he swore by all the gods that he would bring back Catelyn Stark's daughters to
question What does Jaime remain?
question What does Cersei refer to him as?
question Cersei and Margaery discuss who's future?
question Who did Cersei arrange for him to marry?
question Who manages to maneuver Clegane to the ground and crush his skull?
question Who was treated for the wounds of Clegane's sister?
question Who does Cersei say she will not consent to marry?
question What is the name of the rumors Cersei and Jaime have about her relationship with?
question What do Cersei do to Jaime?
question What does she reaffirm her love for her twin brother?
question What hand does Cersei kiss as a symbol of her acceptance?
question Who is Cersei alone with?
question Who stops Cersei?
question What does Jaime warn that their father built for House Lannister belongs to them?
question Who has recovered from Tywin's wounds at the Blackwater?
question Who apologizes for the appearance of Tywin's son?
question What does Cersei do to Tywin's soul?
question What holds Myrcella's necklace in its jaws?
question Who blames Dorne for the deaths of Oberyn and Elia Martell?
question What does Jaime promise that I'm going to Dorne?
question Who donates Cersei's head to?
question What does Kevan remind Cersei of?
question When is Margaery incensed to find the crowd cheering Cersei's name?
question What is the name of Margaery?
question What do Cersei find her bragging about to Margaery's handmaidens?
question What do Cersei do with Margaery?
question What happens to Margaery?
question What is Cersei's attitude to the High Septon's plight?
question What is the name of the town Cersei visits?
question What does the High Septon throw in?
question What did Tommen's tone of voice suggest Loras was allowed to happen in order to interfere with?
question Who is Winterfell 'allying' herself with?
question Who has betrayed Cersei?
question Who could mop up the remains of Cersei?
question What is the only boon Littlefinger wants for his service?
question What did Cersei play a part in during Loras Tyrell's trial?
question Who is Loras's lover?
question What event did the High Sparrow give Cersei a speech about?
question Who will be revealed for all the world to see, as in the case of everyone, including Cersei herself?
question What is the last thing they will see before they die?
question Who visits Cersei for the next few days?
question What are the charges against Cersei?
question What does Qyburn tell Cersei?
question What does Qyburn tell Cersei before he leaves?
question What does Cersei offer to do when she visits her again?
question Who licks the water from the dungeon floor?
question What happens when Cersei is brought to the High Sparrow?
question What does Cersei confess with Ser Lancel Lannister?
question What does the High Sparrow say Cersei has to do?
question What is the name of the cell where Cersei is brought to?
question Who escorts Cersei through?
question Where does Cersei make it to?
question Who is the uncle of Cersei?
question What does Qyburn cover Cersei's body with?
question How tall is the Mountain?
question Who lifts Cersei up and carries her away?
question What prophecy does Cersei believe their children's deaths are destined according to?
question How does the King's Landing knight kill Cersei?
question Who visits Qyburn in his lab?
question What does Qyburn order Qyburn to place all over Westeros?
question Who refuses to accept Cersei, Jaime and Gregor?
question Who claims that Cersei is offering his wisdom to the king?
question Where does Cersei speak with Tommen?
question What is the High Sparrow?
question Who tells Cersei of her plan?
question Who will win her trial by combat?
question What does Jaime kiss?
question What does Olenna express to Cersei?
question What are the two reasons for Olenna to stay in King's Landing?
question Who dragged Loras and Margaery away?
question Who entered the Red Keep?
question When does the High Sparrow want to speak with Cersei?
question What does Lancel tell her that the High Sparrow wishes to speak with her at the Sept of Baelor?
question Who threatens the Faith Militant?
question What does Cersei say she chooses when Ser Gregor Clegane threatens the Faith Militant?
question Who does the Faith Militant attack?
question Who asks Cersei why she was not informed?
question When does Cersei take her place in the Great Hall?
question Who says that the Crown and the Faith are the two pillars that hold up this world?
question Who does Baratheon say judges all the people of the Seven Kingdoms?
question How many septons would Loras and Cersei stand trial before?
question How does Cersei dress on the day of her trial?
question What kind of clothes does Cersei wear on the day of her trial?
question Where does Cersei not show up for her trial?
question Who placed a large cache of wildfire underneath the Sept?
question What do Qyburn's little birds have to shrink to a size in which the cache can be ignited?
question What does Cersei call continuously upon her departure?
question What does Cersei say Unella is not going to die for?
question What is buried at the ruins of the Sept?
question Who is the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms?
question Who did Cersei and Jaime meet with to discuss a possible alliance?
question What did Euron promise to return with?
question Who urged nobles from the Reach to reaffirm their allegiance to the Iron Throne?
question Who would pillage their lands and homes?
question Who replies that he is at work on a solution?
question Who test the ballista?
question What dragon was wounded by a spear at Meereen?
question Who is the dragon of Aegon the Conqueror?
question Who poisoned Myrcella?
question Who compromised Euron's defence?
question Who does Cersei taunt?
question What does Cersei understand about Ellaria and Tyene?
question Who tells Cersei that Tycho Nestoris of the Iron Bank of Braavos has arrived?
question Which bank did Bernadette hope to get a loan after Jaime took?
question Why did Daenerys end her wealth in Slaver's Bay?
question In what battle did Jaime inform Cersei of their defeat?
question What does Jaime insist that the Lannisters have no chance of defeating Daenerys?
question Who is the throne Cersei occupies?
question Who confessed to Joffrey's murder?
question Who is seeking an armistice when Cersei asks if Daenerys wants to negotiate a surrender?
question Who secretly organized the meeting between Tyrion and Jaime?
question What did Jaime plan to punish Bronn for?
question Who does Cersei believe does not concern himself with the opinions of the sheep?
question Who is flying overhead when Cersei demands to know where her rival is?
question Who try to warn Cersei of the greater threat coming for them all?
question Sandor returns with the crate containing what?
question What does Sandor give the crate?
question What did the assembled look on as the wight's upper half still moves around?
question What does Euron ask about the wights?
question Who announces to Cersei his intention to withdraw the Iron Fleet back to the Iron Isles?
question What did Euron declare to Cersei that he had been over the whole world?
question What do Daenerys tell Daenerys to do when they are the only two left alive?
question Who is Daenerys concerned with?
question Who does Cersei declare that there will be no truce if it is just?
question What did Tyrion do to Cersei?
question Who did Tyrion love most as much as Cersei?
question What does a tense moment pass in which Cersei does not give the order?
question What does Tyrion head straight for?
question What does Tyrion believe Cersei is pregnant?
question Who will the Lannister army march north to fight?
question What does Jaime meet with his commanders after the enemy delegation has left?
question Who does Cersei tell Jaime he is the stupidest Lannister?
question Who will come seeking revenge over the fact Cersei betrayed and left them to die?
question What does Jaime declare that he will fight to honor?
question Who blocked Jaime's way when he tries to leave?
question What does Jaime call her if he tries to leave?
question What happens to Jaime as she watches Jaime leave?
question What happened to Cersei as the Golden Company ferry into the bay?
question Who is the capain of the Golden Company?
question What chamber does Cersei follow her into?
question What does Cersei call Euron the most arrogant man she's ever met?
question What does Cersei's face become drawn when he claims he will make her pregnant?
question Who did Daenerys have to slaughter Cersei's forces and civilians in King's Landing?
question What does Cersei spend much of the battle in?
question What is the name of the Red Keep that Cersei gives in to Qyburn's suggestion to leave?
question Where do Cersei and Cersei flee?
question What does Jaime hugs Cersei?
question What happens to Cersei as they embrace for the final time?
question What is Tyrion free from with Cersei dead?
question What caused the destruction of Cersei Lannister's house?
question What does Cersei believe she is willing to betray anyone who trusts her?
question What is Cersei's fault?
question What is Cersei prone to being unskilled at?
question What does Cersei's father say she isn't as intelligent as she thinks?
question Why did Cersei's schemes backfire on her?
question What did Cersei's scheme do before exiling him to the Wall?
question What did Cersei's scheme do to undermine the Tyrells' plot to marry Loras to Sansa?
question What did Cersei believe did not allow her to understand that the same tactics she used against the Tyrells could also be used against her?
question When did Cersei lose all of her scheming?
question Who does Sansa assume that Cersei has the dignified personality of?
question Who raised Cersei?
question What does Cersei try to exude in public?
question What is Cersei's usual response to when things do not go her own way?
question What does Cersei's inability to foresee the full consequences of her plans combine with?
question What is Cersei's advantage against her enemies?
question What is Cersei's tendency to do?
question What did Cersei forget about Tyrion's actions?
question When did Cersei openly ignore that she was the one who made the mistakes that destabilized more and more the position of their family?
question What is Cersei's behavior capable of switching between?
question What does Tyrion say Cersei uses her honest feelings to do?
question What is true about Cersei?
question What does Cersei despise the restraints placed on her?
question What does the Seven Kingdoms have more liberal attitudes when it comes to involving female members of their family in politics?
question From what age are the women of House Tyrell trained in the skills of ruling?
question What was Cersei's duty to do?
question What does Tywin believe Cersei is?
question What is the practical result of Cersei's refusal to be skilled in ruling or political intrigue?
question What does Cersei blame her father or society for?
question Why is Cersei angry at men?
question What is Cersei's lack of a parental relationship reflected in?
question What does Cersei treat her children as?
question Who did Cersei refuse to allow her children to be breasfed by?
question When events threaten to take any of her children away from her?
question What kind of smug did Cersei watch as the Sept explodes with innocent people?
question What does Cersei do to her children?
question What did Joffrey's overindulgence do?
question What did Cersei do after the destruction of the Great Sept of Baelor?
question Who deprived Cersei of power?
question What does Cersei show on her part?
question What happened to Cersei as well as the Freys' military incompetence?
question What bank has the Crown debt to?
question What was Cersei's lack of ability to see the far-reaching consequences of her actions?
question What was Cersei's sense of morality attributed to?
question Who are all dead in the Great Sept of Baelor?
question What did Cersei use to destroy the Great Sept of Baelor?
question How long did the Great Sept of Baelor last?
question What did Cersei appear to have become in regards to her crimes?
question What was the name of Ellaria Sand's daughter?
question Who died to Ellaria?
question Who did Olenna Tyrell mention before Cersei's death?
question What does Cersei maintain?
question What has Cersei become more arrogant and callous with her ascension to queen?
question What is the feeling of Cersei's ascension to queen?
question What does Cersei express her need to protect their new child?
question What is Cersei Lannister's character?
question What does Cersei's behavior reinforce?
question What happened to Cersei's game of thrones?
question What does Cersei drown in her tears with as comfort until the end of the Battle of King's Landing?
question What does only appear as?
question Who became pregnant just before Season began filming?
question What did the production team work around Cersei's pregnancy?
question What do most of Cersei's costumes have in front of her to hide her pregnancy?
question What was shot from behind in quick-cuts?
question What does the sex scene with Lena Headey do?
question Which model used a body double before Season's Mother's Mercy?
question Why was Headey upset about the media about the divorce of her first marriage?
question When did Headey reveal that she was pregnant with her second child?
question In what series is Cersei a beautiful but cold woman who does not get along with her husband?
question What does Cersei do?
question What is Cersei frustrated by?
question How old is Peter Dinklage in the A Song of Ice and Fire series?
question In which novel does Cersei become a POV character?
question Who are Cersei's brothers?
question Why did Cersei abort her child?
question Who was Cersei unaware of both the pregnancy and the abortion?
question Who is Mace's eldest son and heir?
question Who are also suggested as a match for Cersei?
question When does Tywin die?
question What kingdom does Cersei rule as Queen Regent?
question What does Cersei grow to become?
question What happens to Cersei's schemes?
question Who are the two characters of questionable loyalty?
question What does Cersei become during her reign?
question What does Cersei interpret every statement, causal comment or even a smile as a plot against her?
question What does Kevan advise Cersei to appoint Randyll Tarly or Mathis Rowan as?
question Why is Cersei annoyed at the Tyrells?
question What is the name of the jailer who disappeared the night Tyrion escaped?
question Where does Cersei think Tyrion is still hiding?
question Who attempted to kill Myrcella?
question Who is the bastard of Cersei's fleet?
question Who does Cersei refuse to honor the Crown's debt to?
question What does Cersei want to do with Hand of the King?
question What happens when Cersei threatens Kevan?
question What does Kevan call Kevan?
question What does Cersei throw in Kevan's face?
question Who did Cersei choose instead of Kevan?
question What does Cersei fear that doing so will allow Tyrion to escape?
question Who did Tyrion believe Cersei was cheating on him?
question Who does Cersei order to seduce Margaery?
question Who is tortured by Cersei?
question What happens when the High Septon grows suspicious of Kettleblack's confession?
question What did Kettleblack say he has been sleeping with Cersei?
question What do the unworthy people that Cersei has appointed to the small council act as?
question Who will storm King's Landing?
question What does Cersei agree must be taken?
question What did Cersei confess to?
question How is Cersei allowed to return to the Red Keep?
question Who is the re-animated Gregor Clegane?
question What is SER-see LAN-iss-ter?
question What is Cersei Lannister pronounced?
question What is the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name
question Who are the Celebrate New Poster Boys?
question What is the name of the new poster boys Sam & Bucky Daenery Boys TargaryenRhaegar Targaryen
question Sam & Bucky Daenery TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenSansa StarkArya Stark?
question What is the name of Queen Daenerys I Targaryen?
question Who was Queen Daenerys I Targaryen's predecessor?
question When was Queen Daenerys I Targaryen crowned?
question What kind of youth did Daenerys initially become?
question What kind of youth was Daenerys initially obedient?
question What kind of ruler did Daenerys become?
question What madness did Daenerys succumb to?
question What was the name of the land that killed Daenerys?
question Who succeeded Daenerys?
question Who was the Mad King?
question When did Daenerys' father die?
question What did Jon become when he joined the Night's Watch?
question What was Daenerys's mother's name?
question Who was Viserys' brother?
question Who gave Viserys and Daenerys sanctuary?
question When does Viserys hit Daenerys?
question What did Viserys's domination leave her?
question What does Viserys tell Daenerys?
question What does Viserys fondle under the pretext of examining how she has grown?
question What does Daenerys' servant warn her of when she enters a bath?
question Who did Viserys insist on Daenerys's marriage to?
question What does Drogo ride away after taking a glance at Daenerys?
question Who assures Viserys that if he did not approve of Daenerys, they would have known?
question Who does Viserys blurt out that Daenerys does not want to marry Drogo?
question How many of Drogo's men were raped by Viserys?
question Who gives Dany three dragon eggs?
question Who is a knight of Westeros?
question What is the name of the mare that Drogo gives Dany?
question Who tells her that there is no word for the Dothraki word for 'thank you'?
question What does Daenerys do on their wedding night?
question What does Daenerys command the khalasar to?
question Who defends Daenerys from his attempts at violence?
question Who did Daenerys beg her men to spare Viserys?
question What does Daenerys discover she is with Drogo's child?
question What does Daenerys expect to have a son?
question What buoys the love between Daenerys and Drogo?
question Where do Daenerys and the khalasar arrive?
question Who points out the difficulties of persuading the Dothraki to cross the Narrow Sea?
question Why would the Dothraki not be able to root them out?
question What does Jorah admit to selling the poachers as slaves to raise money for his wife?
question What does Viserys react angrily at being dressed in?
question What does Daenerys hit Viserys across the face with?
question What angrily reminds Viserys of her position as Drogo's wife and the mother of his child?
question What does Daenerys study?
question What is Illyrio's claim that dragon eggs are now only?
question What happens to Daenerys's disappointment?
question What does Irri think she is removing the egg from the brazier when Irri comes in?
question Who takes the egg from Daenerys?
question What is the name of Daenerys's unborn son?
question Who is the khal of khals who will unite the Dothraki into a single horde that will over
question What does Daenerys believe Viserys was not a true dragon?
question Who does not trust ships and water their horses cannot drink?
question Who is dead?
question Who attempts to poison Daenerys to fulfill Robert's orders?
question What does Drogo swear will lead his forces across the Narrow Sea and seize the Seven Kingdoms?
question What is the name of the 'lamb-men' that Drogo leads into the lands of Lhazar?
question What do the Dothraki seize?
question What does Daenerys do to the Dothraki?
question Who is one of Drogo's riders?
question What does Drogo sustain?
question Who is one of the women Daenerys has saved?
question What is the name of the child that Daenerys discovers Drogo?
question What state does Duur leave Drogo in?
question The ritual that saved Drogo drew its power from what?
question Who is Daenerys?
question What must Daenerys smother Drogo?
question What does Daenerys construct for Drogo's body?
question What does Daenerys say she will lead them to a great destiny?
question What do Dothraki proclaim Daenerys?
question What does Daenerys observe?
question What does Daenerys refuse to feed her newborn dragons?
question What does Daenerys see the dragons as?
question What did Ser Jorah Mormont believe was the cause of Rakharo's death?
question What land does Irri believe the mutilation will prevent Rakharo from entering?
question What does Daenerys promise to do to Rakharo?
question Who returns with an invitation from the great city of Qarth?
question Who is the ruling council that refuses Daenerys entry?
question What order does Xaro Xhoan Daxos vouche against?
question What does Pyat Pree witness?
question Who suggested that Daenerys use her skill as a lover to find out more about Xaro?
question Who is Daenerys introduced to?
question Where does Pyat Pree invite Daenerys to visit?
question What does Xaro show Daenerys?
question Who does Daenerys seek?
question What does Xaro counsel against entering?
question What does Xaro reveal about his feelings for Daenerys?
question What does Xaro agree with Daenerys?
question What does Daenerys consider to be too risky an investment?
question What does the Spice King say she will have to do without his ships?
question What did Daenerys find?
question How many of Daenery's men have been brutally murdered?
question Who is left terrified by Daenerys?
question Who announces his intention to seize control of the city?
question How many duplicates does Pyat Pree create to murder the rest of the Thirteen?
question Who is revealed to be another one of the duplicates?
question Where has Daenerys recently booked passage to?
question Where does Daenerys find herself?
question Who does Daenerys experience a vision of?
question What is Daenerys presented with?
question Where does Daenerys walk through the gates of the Wall surrounded by more snow?
question What does Drogo talk about?
question Who chained Daenerys?
question What is the name of the young queen who regards Pree with a cool, almost lazy gaze?
question Who is incinerated after a couple of tries?
question Where does Daenerys depart from?
question What does Daenerys observe when it is empty?
question Doreah and Xaro are locked into the empty vault to die, their pleas cut off by what?
question Where does Daenerys salvage enough to buy a ship?
question What was the size of Daenerys's dragons?
question What were Daenerys' dragons capable of?
question What does Daenerys need?
question What does Daenerys know would become problematic in Westeros?
question What do Daenerys consider expanding?
question Who translated Low Valyrian into the Common Tongue of Westeros for Daenerys?
question Who is the owner of the Unsullied barracks?
question What does Kraznys not know about Daenerys?
question What do the Unsullied do not fear pain or death?
question What does Kraznys show to the Unsullied?
question What does Daenerys learn about the Unsullied?
question Who is outraged by the Unsullied regime?
question How many unsullied soldiers are there for sale?
question Who did Jorah recommend that Daenerys purchase the Unsullied?
question Who follows Daenerys and Jorah?
question What is the name of the man who follows Daenerys and Jorah?
question What does the child give Daenerys a gift?
question Who knocks Daenerys out of her hand?
question What does the ball release to Daenerys?
question Who kills Daenerys with his dagger?
question Who did Ser Barristan beg her forgiveness for failing during Robert's Rebellion?
question In return for his wrongs, Ser Barristan offers to serve in what?
question What are key to winning the Iron Throne?
question What did Daenerys scold Jorah and Selmy for?
question What does Missandei respond to?
question What is the name of the Valyrian aphorism Missandei recites?
question What does Missandei know?
question What is the symbol of ownership over the Unsullied?
question What did Daenerys order the Unsullied to do?
question Why did Kraznys order the Unsullied to kill all the slave masters and free all the slaves in Astapor?
question What does Daenerys order to do when Kraznys desperately shouts for someone to kill her?
question What does Astapor say to all of her Unsullied warriors?
question What does Daenerys give them the option of fighting under her command as free men?
question What does one Unsullied soldier beat against the ground?
question What did the rest of the Unsullied follow shortly after Daenerys sack Astapor?
question What do the Unsullied warriors do?
question What is the next great city of Slaver's Bay?
question What does Jorah believe Yunkai's defenders will use against her army?
question What does Jorah view as a distraction from their main goal of taking Westeros?
question How many slaves do Yunkai have?
question Who is Razdal mo Eraz?
question What did Razdal claim to have prevented Daenerys from attacking his city?
question What did Razdal provide to her to transport her army to Westeros?
question Where will Daenerys leave Yunkai?
question Who did Daenerys give Razdal an ultimatum?
question What do Razdal threaten to use to destroy her?
question Who makes threatening gestures toward Razdal?
question Why is Razdal unable to reclaim the chests of gold he brought with him?
question What are the Second Sons?
question Who does Daenerys tell to organize a meeting with the Second Sons' captains?
question Who does Dany meet with?
question How many dragons did Daenerys have a year ago?
question How long does Daenerys give them to make up their mind?
question Who suggested attacking the city through its lightly defended back gate?
question What did Daario plan to do to sack Yunkai?
question What did Daario try to do during the war meeting?
question Who guarded Yunkai?
question Who captured Yunkai within a few hours?
question What did people of Yunkai celebrate Daenerys as?
question What did Daenerys tell the slaves that it was their own choice to reach for?
question From what language did the liberated slaves use Daenerys as their mhysa?
question What did the former slaves see Daenerys as in an increasingly dark world?
question What does Daenerys stroke?
question What does Drogon do to Daenerys?
question Drogon roars and goes to what?
question Drogon snarls a warning at his mother?
question Who is absent and sets out to find them after being told they are gambling?
question What do Grey Worm and Daario Naharis decide on?
question Who does Daenerys say the honor goes to?
question What does Daenerys order the two men to do?
question What does Daenerys say the last man holding his sword will find to fight for?
question What do both Daario and Grey Worm drop their swords?
question Where does Daario meet Missandei?
question What is important to Missandei's strategy?
question What does Daenerys find on the road to Meereen?
question Who offers to have outriders go ahead and bury them?
question Who is Dany's champion?
question Who challenges Daenerys to choose a champion that will fight for her?
question What did Naharis catapult from the slaves she has freed across the city walls?
question Who looks on as the slaves examine the broken chains?
question What is the success of the slave revolt in Meereen?
question What do the freedmen of Meereen celebrate her arrival?
question What banner covers the Great Harpy of Meereen?
question What did Jorah say she might be able to take King's Landing?
question Who has overthrown the council she has left behind to rule in Astapor?
question What does Daenerys decide to stay in Meereen?
question What does Daenerys set up the time to hear from her new subjects?
question What is one of Daenerys's first subjects?
question Who asks to be allowed to bury his father?
question Who swayed Daenerys?
question Who wants to give Daario flowers?
question What are the two talents Daario asks to indulge in?
question What does Daario say does not do?
question What does Daenerys do if he is sworn to her?
question When Daenerys leaves, Jorah observes that he is what?
question What does Daenerys instruct Jorah to tell Daario that she has changed her mind?
question Who is in her chambers with Missandei?
question What did Missandei catch while she was bathing naked downstream?
question What does Missandei say Missandei thinks he was spying on her?
question What does Missandei say Grey Worm isn't interested in?
question Who did Missandei say he was interested in?
question Who does Missandei ask if a slave is castrated?
question What does Missandei say about Grey Worm?
question What does Missandei say she has?
question When did Daenerys counter that the pardon was forged?
question What did Daenerys claim the pardon was?
question Where did Varys confess to giving Varys information on Daenerys's activities?
question Why did Daenerys retort Jorah's actions stop her from being poisoned?
question What did Daenerys say he betrayed Jorah?
question What does Jorah give him a day to leave Meereen?
question Where will Jorah's head be thrown?
question Who approaches the throne of Daenerys?
question Who employed Fennesz as a teacher for his own children?
question Where did Fennesz stay after she took the city?
question Who asked Fennesz to stay in her house after she took the city?
question What did Daenerys insist she had established to feed the freed slaves and barracks?
question What does Fennesz say he has visited the refugee centers?
question What did Fennesz believe he was too old to start anew?
question Who did Daenerys come to to beg her permission to sell himself back to?
question What does Fennesz want to own as a slave?
question What does Daenerys implores her that the young who can adapt rejoice in her new world?
question Who is waiting outside to make similar requests?
question How long was Fennesz's labor contract with Mighdal?
question What does Fennesz earnestly thank her?
question What is the name of the supplicant who enters the labor contract with Mighdal?
question What is the name of a human child?
question What happened to the Golden harpy?
question Who was murdered after the removal of the golden harpy from the top of the Great Pyramid?
question Who did Daenerys request that he be buried with full honors in the Temple of the Graces?
question What did Hizdahr refuse to support?
question What does Daenerys try to attack upon hearing Rhaegal's voice?
question Who was the freed Meereenese slave?
question What does Barristan consider her father's lies?
question Barristan insists that what did Daenerys do to her enemies?
question What did Barristan tell Daenerys about her father's killings?
question Who was killed in the rebellion?
question What does Daenerys assure Barristan about?
question Who did Daenerys promise not to have executed without a fair trial?
question What did Mossador say broke the law?
question What did Daenerys promise when she conquered Meereen?
question Who escorted Daenerys away from the riots?
question What was Dany's reign over?
question What is Daenerys left as she gazes at Drogon from the distance?
question What did Viserys say Rhaegar loved?
question What happened to Rhaegar's money at a minstrel?
question What does Daario assure her about Hizdahr?
question What did Daenerys tell Barristan to do in the city below?
question Who is Dany devastated upon learning of Ser Barristan's untimely death?
question What does Daenerys force the leaders forwards towards?
question What did Missandei do to Daenerys?
question What does Daenerys decide to do to secure her bondage with the noble people of Meereen?
question What does Daario suggest about her marriage to Hizdahr?
question What pit does Dany view the fighters training for?
question What caused Daenerys to become intrigued by the newcomer?
question What does Jorah shout out that he has brought Daenerys?
question Who is Jorah's companion?
question Who did Tyrion and Jorah doubt about?
question What did Tyrion's advice do to Jorah?
question What do Daenerys think about executing Tyrion for betraying her family?
question What does Daenerys suggest that she consolidate her power in Meereen and build a new kingdom for herself?
question What does Daenerys say she'll stay in Meereen long enough to stabilize the situation?
question What does Daenerys say she intends to do?
question What does Daenerys inform Tyrion that she will take him on as an advisor?
question Who is Hizdahr zo Loraq, Missandei, and Daario Naharis?
question When does Hizdahr tell her to clap her hands?
question What does Jorah hurl at the royal box?
question Who evacuated Daenerys from the royal box?
question Where do the Unsullied defenders stand?
question What does Daenerys do to Missandei?
question What do the Sons scatter in terror as Drogon bites and mercilessly burns the nearest ones to death?
question What do the Sons rally enough to attack Drogon?
question What is the name of the first dragonrider in over a century?
question Who look on in astonishment as Drogon soars away?
question Where is Daenerys far away from Meereen?
question Dothraki bloodriders are surrounded by a khalasar?
question What kind of bloodrider emerges from Daenerys?
question How long is a khalasar surrounded by Daenerys?
question What does the khalasar remove?
question Who is the leader of the khalasar?
question What does Khal Moro say Daenerys is nothing more than?
question Who is forbidden to sleep with a widowed khaleesi?
question What do the other widowed khaleesi give her traditional Dothraki clothing?
question Where will the khals decide Daenerys fate?
question Who introduces Daenerys to other former khaleesi?
question How old is Ornela?
question Who gives Daenerys permission to relieve herself outside?
question What do Jorah and Daario tell Daenerys to do?
question What does Daenerys declare to the khals that none of them are fit to lead the Dothraki?
question Who burst into laughter after a pause?
question Who declared that he would lead a Dothraki army to retake the Iron Throne for his khaleesi
question Who do Daenerys gaze at?
question Where does Daenerys knock over the braziers?
question Who attempts to escape the rapidly spreading fire?
question Who attempts to confront Daenerys a final time?
question How do the dosh khaleen and khalasars gather?
question What does Daenerys emerge?
question Who follows Daenerys and the rest of the dosh khaleen?
question What did Daenerys thank Jorah for?
question What is Jorah's condition?
question How many ships does Daario have?
question What does Daenerys believe she is a conqueror more than anything else?
question What happens to the conversation between Daenerys and Daenerys?
question What do Daenerys vow to lead them to?
question Who mistakenly discovered Daenerys on the balcony of the Great Pyramid?
question Who is currently besieging Daenerys and Tyrion?
question What do Daenerys plead for to return their cities to the dirt?
question Who are the slave masters of Daenerys?
question Who will be sold back into slavery?
question What does Daenerys do informing them they aren't meeting for her surrender?
question Who break free from the catacombs of the great pyramid?
question Who do Daenerys and Tyrion meet with?
question What does Daenerys stand for?
question What does Yara agree to?
question What do the Dothraki do on?
question What is still Daario's most valuable bargaining chip when considering new alliances?
question What does Daenerys point out about kings having mistresses and queens?
question What does Daenerys muses?
question What does Daenerys assure Daenerys that she'll leave specific instructions for him to follow in governing?
question What did Daenerys feel she was able to dismiss someone who loves her?
question What does Daenerys turn the topic to in her absence?
question What does Daenerys believe he gave up on believing in himself?
question What is the pin that Tyrion made for him?
question What does Tyrion do in front of Daenerys?
question Where does Daenerys sail with the Liberation of Slaver's Bay?
question What color is Daenerys clad in?
question What is the name of the table that Daenerys asks her Hand when they can begin their conquest?
question What did members of Varys council comment on?
question What did Varys want to do with Viserys?
question What does Varys want to do instead of betray her?
question Who supported Daenerys in Meereen?
question Melisandre is immediately pardoned for what?
question What does Missandei say the prophecy is in the language Melisandre used?
question Who did Daenerys stop arguing over the assassination of Myrcella Baratheon?
question What does Olenna encourage Daenerys to be?
question Who was Jon's ancestor?
question What does Jon insist her kingdom will be?
question What role did Davos start stating Jon's achievements during his time as?
question What was Jon's journey to his present standings as fraught with?
question Why does Jon refuse to bow to Dany?
question What does Jon say about Daenerys?
question Who are the remaining Greyjoy forces dead or captured?
question What did Tyrion talk about to Jon?
question What does Tyrion insist must be shown from Jon's side?
question What does Daenerys allow Jon to mine?
question What do Daenerys and Jon have?
question What does Jon say he hasn't changed his mind about?
question Where does Jon lead Daenerys through?
question Who did the Children of the Forest depict?
question What is Daenerys feeling when he bends the knee?
question What is more important than the lives of the Northmen?
question What did Daenerys impulsively suggest to Tyrion?
question What did Daenerys tell her about the dragons to destroy the castles and cities of Westeros?
question What would make Daenerys no different than the ones she is trying to overthrow?
question What did Drogon blast the Lannister-Tarly infantry with?
question What combination of dragonfire and cavalry charges overwhelms the Lannister-Tarly forces?
question What do the arrows look harmlessly off Drogon's scales?
question What type of attacks do Daenerys and Drogon launch from above to destroy the Lannisters' supply convoy?
question What whizzes right past Drogon as he flies and Daenerys heads for the scorpion to destroy it?
question What does Daenerys attempt to remove from Drogon?
question What does Drogon incinerate the scorpion?
question Where does Drogon land?
question Where does Daenerys dismount?
question What does Drogon's mother see while trying to do so?
question What does Cersei offer the survivors a choice to do?
question Who are the survivors of Drogon's battle?
question What does Randyll claim he has chosen for his life?
question Who follows Drogon's father?
question What do Jon and Daenerys discuss?
question What does Drogon claim that the beasts Jon sees are?
question Who did Daenerys inform Jon of her victory over?
question What does Daenerys ask him to do for his people?
question Who does Daenerys embrace Jorah?
question Who are Daenerys half-siblings?
question What does Jorah quip that he is used to saying farewell?
question What does Jon wish Jorah to do in the wars to come?
question Who do Daenerys discuss with Tyrion?
question What do Daenerys say they're heroes who do?
question What does Tyrion say are heroes who all fall in love with?
question What do Daenerys discuss with Tyrion?
question What did Tyrion tell Daenerys about fear?
question Who did Daenerys say got a long way with fear?
question What did Tyrion lightly admonishes Daenerys for?
question What does Tyrion want Daenerys to do?
question What does Tyrion believe Daenerys did?
question When does Daenerys want to set the discussion aside?
question Where does Daenerys leave?
question What did the Night King do to save Jon and his party?
question Who does the Night King impales with an ice spear through the throat?
question Who sacrificed Jon's life to save him?
question Where does Daenerys arrive on Drogon's back?
question Who represent the North and Daenerys' court?
question What do Daenerys and Jon try to warn Cersei of?
question What is the length of the wight from Cersei's face?
question What does Euron tell Daenerys to return to his island?
question Who did the Starks and Targaryens battle?
question What does Tyrion suggest about learning to lie just a little?
question What do Daenerys and Tyrion argue about getting Cersei killed?
question Tyrion reluctantly decides that he will go and try to talk some reason into what?
question What does Tyrion insist about Cersei?
question What did the power of the dragons waned?
question What interrupts the conversation between Daenerys and Cersei?
question What do Daenerys and her court discuss in the Chamber of the Painted Table?
question Where do Jon and the Unsullied meet in the Chamber of the Painted Table?
question Who points out that the North is not really safer for Daenerys than anywhere else?
question What does Mormont suggest that Daenerys fly to Winterfell?
question What do Daenerys and Jon meet their gaze?
question What happens to Daenerys and Jon after he enters the cabin?
question What do Daenerys and Jon give into?
question Who march through Winter town on their way to Winterfell?
question What does Jon remind Daenerys of?
question Who fly overhead after Daenerys's arrival in Winterfell?
question What does Daenerys ask about dragons?
question What does Daenerys say about Sansa?
question Where do Daenerys and Daenerys come upon the dragons?
question Where do Daenerys and Daenerys land?
question What do Daenerys and Jon share?
question What does Sam jokingly ask for a pardon for?
question Who is Daenerys's son?
question What does Sam do for a few moments before asking to leave the library?
question What do the two women berate the Kingslayer for?
question Who vouches for Jaime?
question Who discuss Jon?
question What are the two women in the North helping fight?
question What does Sansa believe the Northerners will never accept an outsider as their ruler again?
question Where will the army of the dead arrive within a day?
question What does Daenerys discuss with the commanders and heads of houses?
question What did Jon say Rhaegar did not rape Lyanna?
question What does Jon tell Daenerys about?
question What does Daenerys ask about the story of Rhaegar?
question Where are Daenerys and Drogon attacked?
question What does the Night King throw at Drogon?
question Who falls after Daenerys sobbing while Drogon wraps around them?
question What do Daenerys do after the battle?
question What does Daenerys kiss?
question Where does Daenerys celebrate?
question Who makes a toast to Daenerys?
question What did Daenerys say he didn't want to be King in the North?
question What do Daenerys say he'll do if he doesn't want to be King in the North?
question What does Daenerys fear about his parentage?
question What does Jon insist he must tell his sisters?
question What does Daenerys believe the only way they can live together?
question What happens to Rhaegal when she rides Drogon next to Rhaegal?
question Who does Euron's Iron Fleet try to take down?
question What does Euron do to Daenerys's fleet?
question What does a mournful Daenerys discover in her ranks?
question What is the name of Daenerys' order to sack King's Landing?
question What does Tyrion say the citizens of Westeros are not Daenerys's enemy?
question How many children will die?
question What does Daenerys counter that Cersei is using as a weakness against them?
question What does Tyrion call off when the people ring the city's bells?
question What does Tyrion warn that the next time he fails her?
question What does Daenerys attack atop Drogon?
question What do Daenerys attack?
question Who can destroy the remaining sellsword contingent and charge into the city?
question What did the Lannister soldiers and civilians surrender?
question What did the armies take their lead from Daenerys?
question Who is executed after the battle?
question Who cheers Daenerys on?
question Who does Daenerys perceive as?
question What does Tyrion confront Daenerys about?
question What happens to Daenerys when he confronts him about freeing his brother?
question What do Daenerys do to the people of King's Landing?
question What does Daenerys believe can't be built by those loyal to the old one?
question Jon argues that their world must be what?
question What does Daenerys confidently assert about Jon?
question Who is Jon unconvinced and asks about everyone else who thinks they know what is good?
question What does Daenerys urge Jon to help her build the new world she envisages?
question What does Jon thrust into Dany's heart?
question How does Jon escape Daenerys' nose and mouth?
question What does Jon hold Daenerys?
question Drogon snarls at Jon before trying to nudge his mother awake?
question What happened to Daenerys's body?
question Who is the Great Council of AC?
question What kind of person was Daenerys?
question What was Daenerys cowed by as a child and young woman?
question What taught Daenerys pride, confidence, and the skills of command?
question What began to manifest at the same time as Daenerys?
question Who did Daenerys bouncing back and forth with with her brother?
question What caused Daenerys to develop a largely black-and-white worldview?
question What kind of worldview did Daenerys develop?
question Who crucified children as she approached the city in an attempt to intimidate Daenerys?
question What did many of the slave-masters oppose?
question What did Daenerys earn the favor of the commoners in Slaver's Bay?
question Who was the one who came to deny Daenerys the independence they had gained after so many sacrifices?
question Why was Daenerys surprised by the lack of accommodation to her rule?
question Who warned her that coming to Westeros wouldn't have made her a liberator?
question What did Ser Jorah's reaction show that she refused to accept the reality of the Seven Kingdoms?
question What did Daenerys consider Jaime Lannister as a traitor?
question Why did Daenerys show herself to be vengeful?
question Who played a role in the theft of Drogo's dragons?
question What did Daenerys offer to the Tarlys?
question What has Daenerys displayed?
question What kind of attack did Daenerys rescue from?
question What does Daenerys show in a small voice?
question What type of commander did Daenerys have?
question What two battles did Daenerys win?
question What did Daenerys' victories have more to do with?
question Who did Daenerys surround herself with?
question What did Daenerys know how to win battles in such a way to leave herself in the strongest position possible?
question What did Daenerys show herself to be in her life before her descent into madness?
question What caused Daenerys to be too fragile to bear the burden of her moral defeat?
question What did Daenerys do towards?
question What was often a late-onset condition in the Targaryens?
question What did the men of House Tarly refuse to offer to Daenerys?
question What did Daenerys feel after her destructive rampage?
question What does Madness take many forms?
question What does Madness seem to have emerged in Daenerys?
question What ancestor was justified in dealing with the rebellious Faith Militant?
question How did Daenerys decide to take the Iron Throne?
question Who did Daenerys succumbed to?
question Who was the first Daenerys sister?
question What was the name given to Daenerys in the marriage-alliance?
question What is the name of Daenerys Stormborn?
question What is the Breaker of Chains?
question What was Missandei's previous title?
question Who was a stunt double for Emilia Clarke in the role of Daenerys Targaryen?
question Who played the role of Daenerys in the unaired pilot episode?
question Who auditioned for the role of Daenerys?
question Who explained the costuming shifts that Daenerys goes through in Seasons to?
question What does Michele Clapton say Daenerys is willing to immerse herself in?
question What is Daenerys outfit made of?
question What does the Dothraki use to wear animal skins?
question Where did Daenerys wear a complete Qarth-style gown?
question What color was blue the color of royalty in?
question What special occasion did Daenerys wear a blue dress instead of the traditional Targaryen colors of red and black?
question What color was traditionally the color of imperial or royal authority for centuries in Europe?
question When does Daenerys begin to wear more white?
question What is one of the scenes that Daenerys has to be in?
question What was Daenerys supposed to be in the middle of the fighting pit?
question What was Daenerys mental removal from?
question How did Daenerys feel about herself?
question What did some of Daenerys dresses feature to give the impression of scales?
question What color does Daenerys always wear underneath?
question What is the ultimate expression of Daenerys acceptance of her identity as a Targaryen conqueror and the rightful queen of Weste
question What does Daenerys start off by wearing in Season?
question What is Daenerys style used to do in Season?
question What is the name of the dragon that Daenerys represents?
question What does Daenerys wear across her torso?
question What does Daenerys have at one point?
question What does Daenerys wear to symbolize her selfless act of rescue?
question How many shoulder fur is Daenerys only partially matching Jon's silhouette?
question What does the juxtaposition between Jon's dark costume and Daenerys'?
question How does Daenerys' costumes vary throughout the season?
question What do Daenerys wear when she feels alienated or threatened?
question What did Daenerys wear during the Battle of King's Landing?
question What is the name of the dress Daenerys wears when she attacks the city?
question What does Daenerys appear to be fireproof in the books?
question What is Daenerys more immune to fire than any other human?
question Who claimed that Targaryens were immune to both fire and illness?
question What did Viserys know about?
question What does Targaryens seem to have?
question What does Daenerys think to herself about the heat of Drogo's funeral pyre?
question What kind of heat has shaped the Dornish to be more comfortable in?
question What does Daenerys have on her hands when she rides Drogon out of the Great Pit of Meereen?
question In what episode does Daenerys notice the heat from the brazier in A Golden Crown?
question Where does Daenerys emerge unburnt?
question What feature did Weiss and Benioff appear in?
question What is no indication that Daenerys is fireproof in the series?
question What did Daenerys realize didn't affect her like most people?
question How long was Daenerys born on the Targaryen island refuge of Dragonstone?
question What was the name of the Targaryen fleet anchored at Dragonstone?
question Who truncated the Targaryen family line?
question Who was the son of Aemon Targaryen?
question What books go into a little more detail about Daenerys's early life in the Free Cities?
question What was Ser Willem's age and yelled at the servants?
question Who died after the Targaryen children were driven from the house?
question What did Daenerys dream about?
question Who bounced around between patrons in Braavos?
question What did Daenerys often turn out on the street with little warning when their patrons lost interest in them?
question What did Viserys begging for support throughout the Free Cities?
question Where did Viserys travel from Braavos to?
question How long did the Targaryen children stay in Pentos with Illyrio?
question Where did Daenerys grew up?
question What is the title of Daenerys' third novel?
question When did Aegon the Conqueror invade Westeros?
question What religion is Daenerys aware of?
question Which TV series suggests that Daenerys has faith only in herself and not in any god?
question How old is Daenerys when the novels begin?
question What kind of spirit does Daenerys have?
question What does Daenerys' spirit begin to do after her brother's death?
question What is the name of Aegon Targaryen's story?
question What does Jon say Aegon does not see anything wrong about marrying his aunt?
question What does Tyrion pour on the overconfident youth's hopes?
question Who did Daenerys fit the prophecies about?
question Aenys I  Maegor I  Jaehaerys I  Viserys I  Aegon II
question What is Daeron II?
question Who is Robert I?
question Who is Tommen I?
question Who is AC?
question What is Cersei I?
question What is AC-present?
question What is the name of the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch?
question What is Jon declared in the North?
question What did Jon aid Daenerys in her resumed campaign?
question What does Jon try to dissuade Daenerys from?
question Where is Jon sent into exile?
question What group does Jon lead to settle in the thawing free lands?
question Who guarded the Tower of Joy?
question Who was killed at the Battle of the Trident?
question Who pleaded with Ned to promise that he would keep her son safe?
question Who was Ned's wife?
question Who was Jon Arryn?
question Who was Ned's great friend and mentor?
question What was the surname of Jon Arryn?
question Who did Rhaegar have his marriage annulled and married Lyanna?
question Who did Eddard never tell anyone who was his mother?
question What did Ned claim that Jon's mother was a lowborn woman that he met during the war?
question What did Eddard never treat Jon differently from his trueborn children?
question What was Catelyn's attitude towards Jon?
question Who was Catelyn's daughter-in-law?
question What type of status did Jon grow up feeling like an outsider at Winterfell?
question Who loved Jon?
question What do Jon and Robb play with in their childhood?
question Who was Theon Greyjoy?
question Who is Rodrik's nephew?
question Which deserter is being held in the holdfast?
question What does Jon warn Bran to do as the deserter is brought into position outside?
question What did Jon praise Bran for?
question What species is found on their way back to Winterfell?
question Why does Jon leave himself out of the count of Stark children?
question What is the runt of the litter that crawled away from its mother's corpse?
question What does Jon name the runt of a litter of direwolves?
question Who are the royals groomed for?
question What does Jon express against the royal family?
question Who arrives at the banquet?
question Where does Jon wait to vent his frustrations against a practice dummy?
question What advice does Tyrion give to the young man?
question What is the name bastard?
question What does Tyrion say to be bastards in their father's eyes?
question What did Jaime sarcastically thank Jon for?
question What does Jon say he will do before he departs for the Wall?
question What does Robb ask as he prepares his saddle?
question What does Jon say are hard to kill?
question What did Robb offer to visit him at the Wall?
question Who is Jon accompanied by?
question What is the Night's Watch?
question Who is the Master-at-Arms in charge of training new recruits?
question Where does Benjen tell Jon he is going?
question Benjen insists that he does what?
question Who accepts Jon's new brothers?
question Who tells Jon that going easy on Sam won't help him?
question Who asked for Jon as his personal steward?
question What is Jon concerned about when Benjen's horse returns to the Wall riderless?
question Where is Jon restricted to?
question Who rewards Jon?
question Who's corpse becomes a wight and attacks Mormont?
question How does Jon save Mormont's life?
question What is Jon's Valyrian steel sword?
question What was the name of Jon's uncle?
question What does Jon do to Robb and seek revenge for his father's death?
question Who intercept Jon and convince him to stay?
question What does Mormont tell Jon that the Watch is marching beyond the Wall in force?
question What does Jon swear to Jon?
question What is the name of the unsavory ally of the Great Ranging?
question Who tells Jon of Craster's sexual inclinations upon their arrival at the Keep?
question Who is the leader of the wildlings?
question What is the difference between life and death for many black brothers in the wild?
question Who is Craster's pregnant daughter-wife?
question What is Gilly's fear of having a son?
question Who refuses to disobey Jon's order to leave Craster's wives alone?
question What does Jon see Craster carrying into the woods?
question What does Jon see Craster leave the child for?
question What does Craster do to Craster?
question What does Craster do to Jon?
question Who does Jon expels from his home?
question Where do the rangers await Qhorin Halfhand and his party?
question When Qhorin arrives, he suggests altering their tactics and using small groups to overcome what?
question Who do Jon and Ygritte ambush?
question What kind of woman does Jon realize his opponent is?
question Who does Jon and Ygritte not give away details of?
question Who leaves Jon alone to execute Ygritte?
question What is Jon's ability to do?
question What happens to Jon and Ygritte?
question Why does Jon decide to not regroup with Qhorin?
question Who convinces Jon to sleep next to her to share body heat?
question What does Jon reject?
question What does Jon and Ygritte discuss the restrictions of the Night's Watch vows?
question What does Ygritte know about the Night's Watch vows?
question Who are descendants of the First Men?
question What does Ygritte urge Jon to do?
question What does Ygritte need to reach for when he is caught off guard?
question What does Ygritte do when he is caught off guard?
question Who holds Qhorin and Jon captive?
question Who tells Jon that the rest of the men were killed while they searched for him?
question What does the Halfhand urge Jon to do?
question What did Ygritte do after he feigns anger with Jon?
question Who allows Jon to fight?
question Where is the main wildling camp?
question What is Jon shocked to see as they enter the camp?
question What do many wildlings shout at Jon's approach?
question What does Jon shout crow?
question Who is Mance Rayder?
question Who did Jon kill?
question Who is Mance's lieutenant?
question What does the Free Folk not recognize in their culture?
question Who defeated the White Walkers once during the Long Night?
question What does the black cloak attract?
question Who marches south with Jon?
question How many different groups are there in the Free Folk army?
question What did Mance tell the Free Folks that they would die if they remain north of the Wall?
question Who is Jon's scout?
question What is Jon's eyes rolled back as?
question What does Mance say he is?
question What is a person who is capable of entering the mind of an animal?
question What does Orell control to scout miles ahead?
question What was the name of the warg?
question Where do Jon and the Free Folk arrive?
question How many men of the Night's Watch were there?
question Where are the White Walkers trapped?
question What are the missing corpses from the Night's Watch resurrected as?
question How many men will Tormund take to scale the Wall to attack Castle Black?
question Who will attack Castle Black from its exposed rear?
question What does the eagle see on top of the Wall?
question How many castles do the wildlings know along the south side of the Wall?
question What tower is at the western end of Castle Black?
question How many men are currently garrison Castle Black?
question How many men are there in Castle Black?
question What does Jon remain to the lie?
question What did Jon confront Orell about on the Wall?
question What does Orell say about Ygritte?
question Who intends to kill the old man so as to stop him from alerting the Night's Watch to their presence?
question What rock does Jon surreptitiously hit when the party attacks the farmstead?
question Where does a hidden Bran enter Summer's mind to aid Jon?
question What eagle swoops down and attacks Jon?
question What does Ygritte insist about?
question Who are overjoyed to see Jon?
question What did Sam say Jon was better than Robb?
question What did Jon say he could never bring himself to hate Robb?
question What does Sam say Jon is better than him at everything?
question What did Jon admit to at the hearing?
question Who are openly hostile to Jon?
question Who realizes that Jon is speaking the truth?
question What did Roose Bolton promise as a reward to the Boltons?
question Who is the orphan of the Night's Watch?
question Who have escaped the mutineers at Craster's Keep?
question What do the wildlings reveal about the mutineers at Craster's Keep?
question What should be the top priority of the wildlings at Craster's Keep?
question Who are talking about Bran going beyond the Wall?
question Who convinced Thorne that Jon questioning his decisions is a problem?
question Who secretly intends to kill Jon during the mission?
question Who did Jon reunite with?
question What do the Night's Watch members say they can't trust them?
question What does Jon say about the gates of Mance Rayder's army?
question Who refuses to listen to Jon?
question Who try to comfort Sam who believes Gilly and her baby are dead?
question Who is furious that the wildlings slaughtered the inhabitants of Mole's Town?
question What kind of horn blows north of the Wall?
question What does Slynt do?
question Who did Grenn falsely claim that Alliser needs back down in Castle Black?
question What do the black brothers continue to rain down on the advancing wildlings?
question When does Jon fight Styr?
question How does Styr get the upper hand?
question What does Styr smash his face into?
question What does Jon do to Styr?
question What did Jon find Ygritte pointing her bow at him?
question What did Olly do to Ygritte?
question What did Olly say to Ygritte?
question What does Jon subdue Tormund with?
question Who does Jon try to stop?
question Where does Jon prepare to leave?
question Who did Jon give to before he leaves Longclaw?
question What does Mance notice that Jon is eyeing?
question What sound is interrupted before anyone can make a move?
question How many mounted knights arrive outside to slaughter many of the wildlings?
question What does Jon advise Stannis to do to prevent them from returning as wights?
question What happens to Ygritte as he walks away?
question What happens to the Red Woman?
question What does Melisandre say Jon is a virgin?
question What does Jon meet with Stannis and Davos?
question What does Stannis want Jon to do to the wildlings?
question Who will the King-Beyond-the-Wall be burned as a sacrifice to?
question What does Jon try to convince Mance to do?
question What happens to Mance when Jon attempts to convince Mance to bend the knee to Stannis?
question What does Jon shoot Mance through the heart?
question Who was the messenger-raven of Stannis?
question Who is the commander of the Shadow Tower?
question Who tally the tokens and a tie is declared between Jon and Thorne?
question Who approached Jon about the offer of legitimization?
question What was Jon's dream to be with the Night's Watch?
question What does Davos say the Night's Watch protects?
question Who did Jon Snow assign to oversee the digging of a new latrine pit?
question What is the name of the castle that Jon orders Slynt to repair?
question What does Jon ask Janos if he's refusing to obey?
question What does Janos say to Jon?
question Who does Jon execute?
question Where does Janos plead for mercy?
question What does Jon execute the cowardly former Commander of the City Watch?
question Whose new recruits are observing Jon?
question What does Jon Snow say to Melisandre?
question What does Aemon tell Aemon to do?
question What is Jon's plan?
question Who is Jon trying to keep the wildlings from falling into the hands of?
question What is Jon's goal to keep the wildlings from falling into the hands of the coming White Walker army?
question Where did Mance's army flee to?
question What does Jon want Tormund to negotiate with?
question What will the wildlings know so long as Jon accompanies him so that the wildlings will know?
question How many of Stannis's ships does Jon borrow?
question How many wildlings agree while the rest decide to stay?
question How are the White Walkers attacked?
question What do Jon fight his way to the hut to retrieve?
question How long does Jon fight for a White Walker?
question What was the name of the massacre that happened to Jon?
question Who appears at thousands of e wharf and shares a long glance with Jon?
question What does Jon look on in as he knows the slaughter he just witnessed is merely a prelude to what is coming for all of West
question Who watch as the wildlings exodus?
question What does Thorne tell Jon that will get him killed?
question Who are some of Jon's brothers who look at him scornfully?
question Where does Jon agree to send Sam to?
question What will be doubly prevalent as a maester before finding out that Sam and Gilly have had sex already?
question What did Jon agree to?
question Who did Melisandre demise when she asked Davos about Stannis and Shireen?
question Who was Jon's uncle?
question What sign did Jon find after being stabbed by his own men?
question Who stab Jon while uttering, For the Watch?
question What does Olly do as Jon kneels, gasping for breath?
question Who leaves Jon out in the cold to bleed out?
question Who do Ghost's cries summon to move Jon's body to his quarters?
question Who did Edd find to protect Jon's body?
question What did Thorne do if they don't surrender?
question What does Davos say he wasn't asking the R'hllor for help?
question What do Davos' attempts seem to be?
question Who accosted Jon?
question Who are the leaders of the mutiny accosted by Davos and Melisandre?
question What are the leaders of the mutiny rounded up for?
question What did Jon declare to Edd?
question What did Jon retort by saying?
question What did Jon and Sansa reminisce about?
question What does Sansa regretfully mention to Jon during their youth?
question What did Jon shrugs it off as?
question What does Jon suggest rallying the Boltons?
question Who is skeptical of the Wildlings?
question What does Dalba believe Ramsay will do if he wins?
question What does Tormund say if the wildlings don't help him?
question How many men does Lyanna supply to the wildlings?
question Who did Jon fail to convince to pledge his allegiance to?
question Why does Ramsay refuse to surrender?
question What is Rickon's direwolf's head?
question What does Sansa tell Ramsay about Rickon's capture?
question Why did Sansa criticize Jon?
question What is Jon's opinion that the Boltons need more men?
question Jon meets with Melisandre and insists to what?
question What does Ramsay bring out to Rickon?
question What happens to Rickon as he is about to reach his brother?
question How do Bolton archers fire volleys of arrows in Jon Snow's direction?
question What forces the Bolton army closer and closer together?
question Who arrive with reinforcements courtesy of House Arryn?
question Who pushed Petyr Baelish and Sansa to arrive with reinforcements?
question What army is decimated by the Knights of the Vale?
question Who defeats Jon's forces?
question What kind of duel does Jon offer to Ramsay?
question What did Jon block Ramsay's shots with?
question Who did Davos accuse Melisandre of sacrificing?
question Jon orders Melisandre to leave the North on threat of execution?
question Who is Sansa?
question Who was the Lady of Winterfell?
question What does Jon say he and Sansa must trust each other completely now?
question Who has arrived from the Citadel?
question What did Jon wryly point out about the arrival of winter?
question What do the lords of the Vale debate?
question Who avenged the Red Wedding?
question What is Jon Snow hailed as the new King in the North?
question Who swears Jon Snow's allegiance?
question Who previously proclaimed Jon King in the North?
question Who are the sons of Bran?
question What does Jon advocate when Sansa advocates that the Umbers and Karstarks be stripped of their lands and titles as punishment for supporting
question Who do Sansa summon to reaffirm their loyalty to House Stark?
question Who did Ned Umber and Alys Karstark kneel before?
question What does Jon say don't matter anymore?
question Who does Jon chide Sansa for questioning his decision-making?
question Who did Jon tell Jon that he must act wiser than?
question What kind of dwarfs are in their fathers' eyes?
question What does Littlefinger try to do to Jon?
question What does Littlefinger say he will kill him if he touches his sister?
question What dwarf did Tyrion address Jon as?
question What does Tyrion observe that Tyrion has picked up?
question Who do Jon and his entourage hand over their weapons to?
question Who did Davos and Jon first lay eyes on?
question What did Tyrion assure Jon that Sansa's marriage was?
question Who are Davos and Davos startled at flying low over the causeway?
question Who is waiting for Jon within?
question What does Daenerys insist he is?
question What does Daenerys want Jon to do?
question What do Daenerys urge Jon to do to children?
question What does Jon argue that children should not be punished for the crimes of their parents?
question What does Jon like the fighting between the Great Houses to?
question What does Jon think the Army of the Dead needs to do?
question What did Daenerys believe she was targeted by assassins, enslaved, raped, and defile
question What does Daenerys talk about?
question What did Davos say Jon won the support of the wildlings?
question What does Davos say it doesn't matter who?
question What does Jon ask when he is a prisoner?
question Who pose a threat to Jon?
question Who does Tyrion trust?
question What does Jon ask Tyrion about?
question What does Jon want to do to help his people?
question What does Tyrion encourage Jon to do to help his people?
question Who is not Jon's father?
question What does Tyrion ask if there is something he can do to help Jon?
question What are the cave paintings of the Children of the Forest filled with?
question How many years ago did the Children of the Forest stand?
question What is the name of the chamber of the Children and the First Men?
question When did the Children of the Forest and the First Men drive off the White Walkers?
question What does Jon want to do with Daenerys?
question Who won't accept a southern ruler again after everything they've gone through?
question What does Daenerys ask Jon if they will if their king does?
question Who did Daenerys receive word about?
question What did Jon tell Daenerys about dragons?
question What do the dragons do to Daenerys?
question Who do Jon agree with?
question What happens to Jon in the cold waters beneath the ice?
question Along with Davos and Sandor, who is Jon brought to Eastwatch?
question Where does Jon wake to find Daenerys sitting at his bedside?
question What does Daenerys tell Jon that the dragons are the only children she will ever have?
question What does Daenerys ask Jon?
question What does Jon assure her that the Northern lords loyal to him will come to see her for?
question What does Jon call on to keep the truce between Cersei and Daenerys?
question Who does Cersei declare that there will be no truce if it is just her and Daenerys?
question Who rip into Jon over his ill-advised action?
question What happened to the dragons as the power of the dragons waned?
question Who will mop up the White Walkers on their own?
question What does Jon and Daenerys want to know about?
question Who wrote a journal about annulling Rhaegar's marriage?
question Where does Bran see a happy Lyanna wedding Rhaegar?
question What did Bran say Rhaegar never raped Lyanna?
question What does Sansa ask Jon?
question What do Daenerys and Jon invite him to do?
question In what remembrance of his family does Jon reunite with Sam?
question Who did Jon tell Sam that Daenerys executed men?
question What did Jon do when he refused to kneel?
question Jon says he was not a what?
question Jon responds that he did what?
question What is Aegon Targaryen, the son of Rhaegar and Lyanna?
question Who prepares to fight the dead near Winterfell?
question What did Jon tell Daenerys about the rape of Lyanna?
question What does Jon tell Daenerys about Rhaegar?
question What signal the arrival of the Night King's army?
question When does Jon ride atop Rhaegal?
question What happens to Rhaegal when he falls unconscious?
question What does Jon notice on his way to Godswood to fight the Night King?
question What did Daenerys say Jorah loved?
question What do Jorah and Jon begin to do?
question What does Jon say he does not want the throne?
question What does Daenerys tell Jon?
question What is the only way that can happen if Jon tells Daenerys he owes his sisters the truth?
question What does Sansa opt for?
question What does Jon do to the queen?
question What do Sansa and Arya state?
question What did Jon say he has never been a Stark?
question What is Jon's choice to tell Bran?
question What does Jon swear to when he defends Daenerys?
question What does Daenerys confide that the people of Westeros love Jon more than her?
question What does Daenerys resign to ruling by?
question What do the Lannister forces and people of King's Landing surrender?
question Why is Jon forced to fight?
question What does Jon kill despite his calls to stop the carnage?
question What is strewn everywhere in the ash-covered devastation wrought by Daenerys?
question Who are executing remaining surrendered Lannister soldiers?
question Who did Tyrion reunite with?
question What does Tyrion warn that Varys won't stop until she has liberated the world?
question What happened to Varys?
question What does Tyrion know about Daenerys?
question Why does Tyrion advise him to take action against Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion ask him to do because of his parentage?
question What does Jon respond to because she doesn't want Daenerys as the Queen?
question Where does Jon find Daenerys standing by the Iron Throne?
question What did Jon confront Daenerys during the battle?
question What does Jon show to Daenerys during the battle?
question When Jon asks about others who think they know what is good, she responds what?
question What does Jon try to convince him to be by her side to do?
question What did Jon try to do as he kissed Daenerys?
question Which dragon melts the Iron Throne and flies away with Daenerys corpse?
question Who did Jon bid farewell to after being taken into exile by two wandering crows?
question What did Bran say he was exactly where he was supposed to be?
question Where does Jon ride along with Ghost and the wildlings?
question Why did Eddard intentionally ignore Catelyn?
question What did Jon consider Catelyn's behavior to be?
question What did Robb and Arya become in training?
question What did Jon learn to do as a bastard?
question What did Jon do beyond his age?
question What is Jon's desire to prove himself to society and to his father?
question Who are some of Jon's fellow outcasts?
question Where did Jon live?
question What type of fighter is Jon?
question What is the name of the highly-skilled warrior Jon takes on?
question What does Jon change his behavior to be?
question What was Catelyn's devout adherence to?
question When Jon took his vow to become a member of the Night's Watch, what did he do?
question Who did Jon have realistic marriage prospects with as a bastard son?
question What is Jon's experience of being murdered by his own men and then revived?
question What does Jon become when he hasn't had any other choice?
question What has brought Jon back into the fight?
question Who are the main names of Jon Snow and Ygritte?
question What is Bran's vision in?
question How old is Jon in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
question What is Arya?
question What does Jon love?
question In what series has Jon never been on good terms with Theon?
question What does Theon feel Jon is about his highborn status?
question What does Theon resent Jon for being?
question What does Eddard refuse to reveal?
question Why does Eddard refuse to reveal who Jon's mother is?
question Why does Jon feel alienation from his family?
question What does Jon sit with at another table?
question What did Catelyn do when Jon joined the Watch?
question What was the name of the legends of the Night's Watch?
question What is the name of Jon's uncle?
question What was the cause of the burns of his right hand and his forearm?
question What do the Night's Watch members wear over both hands?
question What did Jon see a White Walker take in the forest as he did in the TV series?
question When did Jon return to Craster's Keep to finish off the mutineers?
question What does Robb realize he needs to name a new heir?
question Who did Robb sign the decree in the presence of?
question What is no longer mentioned in the books?
question Who did Robb send the decree to?
question What is the name of Jon who has not received the decree?
question What type of son does Jon have reservations about?
question What has no more power than one sworn to your shoes?
question What is the purpose of a vow sworn to a tree?
question What does Jon accept Winterfell as a gift of the Lord of Light?
question When he was very young, too young to understand what meant to be a bastard, what was Winterfell?
question When did Jon dream that Winterfell might be his?
question What does Jon have to do to claim his father's castle?
question What does Jon think about Winterfell?
question What is the name of the oathbreaker and defiler of the old gods?
question Which cronies do Jon decide to keep close to him?
question What does Throne do?
question What is one of the goals that Jon intends to achieve as Lord Commander of the Watch?
question What is Jon's mission to restore and garrison the sixteen abandoned castles?
question What do most of the castles have been garrisoned?
question Who created the plan to attack the Dreadfort?
question What do most council members suggest imposing on the Night's Watch?
question What did Qyburn plan to do to kill Jon?
question What did Melisandre ignore?
question What does Jon say he is loyal to his oaths?
question Who is the representative of the Iron Bank of Braavos?
question Who does Jon send to Hardhome?
question Who reports that the wildlings are under siege by wights?
question What is the name of Ramsay's letter?
question What does Ramsay do if Jon does not agree?
question What does Jon realize he can't defend Castle Black from attack from the south?
question What could be construed as?
question What is the name of the head of the Night's Watch?
question What was the last straw for the older Watch officers?
question Who does Jon fight with as he prepares to leave?
question What does Jon try to talk everyone down to prevent?
question Who does Jon openly weep as he says for the Watch?
question What is the chapter of Jon's POV?
question In what series will Jon return?
question Who was Eddard's sister?
question What was the abbreviation R+L=J for?
question Who is Aegon Targaryen's half-brother?
question What is Aegon Targaryen considered in the show?
question Who was Doran Martell's middle son?
question What is Jon Snow's name?
question What is the name of the player?
question What is Benjen Stark's name?
question Who  Clydas  Dareon  Gordo  Hobb  Mink  Myk  Samwell
question Pypar  Jon Snow  Bowen Marsh?
question What is Donnel Hill's name?
question Rancer  Toad  Vorkoy  Casper?
question What is the name of Rancer?
question What is the name of the Black Jack Bulwer?
question Cotter  Othell Yarwyck?
question What is the name of the Kegs  Black Jack Bulwer  Mully  Cotter?
question What?
question What is Long Barrow's name?
question What is Jon Snow's cousin?
question Who was the heir to the Iron Throne?
question On what charges did House Lannister execute her father?
question What does Sansa become?
question What is Sansa good at?
question Who thought Sansa would be even more beautiful than she was when she was younger?
question What does Sansa adopt when her brothers find an orphaned litter of direwolf pups?
question Who is Sansa taken with?
question What does Sansa want to do with the capital?
question Who bites Joffrey's arm when Arya threatens her with his sword?
question Who flee and Joffrey cries before snapping at Sansa to get him help?
question Who asks Sansa to corroborate Joffrey's claim that he was the victim of an unprovoked attack?
question What is the cause of the death of Arya's direwolf Lady?
question Why did Eddard buy Sansa a doll?
question Who was killed at the Hand's tournament?
question Who does Sansa cheer for?
question Who is sitting behind Sansa?
question Sansa and Septa Mordane are what?
question What does Sansa do?
question What does Sansa refuse to accept?
question What does Sansa say Joffrey will be?
question What does Arya point out that Joffrey is not a lion?
question What did Eddard say Sansa and Arya are returning to Winterfell?
question Who tells Sansa to lock herself in their rooms?
question What did Sansa insist that she was humiliated by Joffrey?
question Where does Robb marche south to relieve from the Lannister armies?
question What does Sansa say about Eddard?
question Who did Eddard Stark swear loyalty to?
question What is Sansa distraught?
question Who has written a song unfavorable to the royal family?
question Where are the severed heads of executed criminals mounted?
question Who did Joffrey tell her that was showing mercy?
question What does Joffrey tell Sansa about?
question What does Sandor give to her after Joffrey and Meryn leave?
question Who is Sansa a captive of?
question What has Sansa learned to feign loyalty to Joffrey?
question Who does Sansa convince her to spare when he attends drunk?
question Who is Sansa's new handmaid?
question Who did Sansa attend for Dorne?
question What is Joffrey struck by as the royal party returns to the Red Keep?
question Who pursues Sansa as she tries to flee to safety?
question What does Shae say is because Sansa has more than they will ever have?
question Shae warns Sansa not to say what?
question Who chats after Sansa's first flowering?
question What is Sansa nightmare that she is being stabbed by her attackers from the riots?
question What does Sansa find bloodied by the onset of her first period?
question What does Joffrey force Sansa to do?
question Who advises Sansa to use her sexuality as a weapon?
question What does Sansa try to keep the morale of the women up with?
question Where is Sandor going?
question What does Sandor warn Sansa that all men are?
question Petyr Baelish is made what?
question What does Joffrey accept?
question What did Sansa allow herself once she has privacy?
question What does Petyr remind Sansa of?
question What does Sansa debate about?
question Why does Sansa tell Shae that she enjoys the game?
question What is Sansa's opinion about the idea of truth?
question Who do Sansa confide in?
question What did Joffrey take her up to the wall and force her to look at?
question What does Olenna tell her that Joffrey is a monster?
question What does Sansa admit to Joffrey?
question Who is Sansa a valuable hostage?
question Who does Varys suggest that a Tyrell marry Sansa?
question What does Margaery tell her that Cersei would never allow her to leave King's Landing?
question Who does Loras watch with his squire?
question Who did the Tyrell plot to keep Loras out of?
question Why does Littlefinger say they should wait until after Joffrey's wedding?
question What does Loras think there will be when Sansa gives him an expectant look?
question Why does Tyrion give Shae a carefully coded apology?
question What does Margaery Tyrell admit to being wed to?
question What does Margaery ask Sansa about her sexual interests?
question What does Margaery say about Sansa's innocence?
question At what event did Tyrion speak with Sansa before their wedding?
question What did Tyrion do to cloak Sansa in Lannister colors?
question What is a grim and miserable affair between man and wife?
question What does Joffrey ask Sansa?
question Who does Joffrey say will hold Sansa down?
question What did Tyrion do to his nephew if he doesn't stop?
question What is the name of the event that Sansa receives from Tyrion's father?
question What does Sansa remain distraught over the deaths of her mother and brother?
question What did Sansa refuse to eat?
question Who died in the river?
question Who watches Sansa in the godswood?
question Who gives Sansa a diamond necklace?
question What did Dontos Hollard offer to Sansa?
question What does Dontos give Sansa?
question When does Sansa attend?
question What was the second sword re-forged from?
question What is the name of the book that Sansa is shocked when Tyrion's sword is turned on to Joffrey?
question What does Joffrey name his new weapon?
question What does Sansa look on in?
question Olenna toys with Sansa's hair and whom's necklace in a grandmotherly fashion?
question Who plays each king in the War of the Five Kings?
question Who gave Olenna a chance to retrieve the poison from Olenna's necklace?
question Who did Dontos kill?
question What did Baelish say Dontos was working solely for?
question Where are Sansa and Petyr walking towards?
question What does Sansa use the disguise as?
question What is Lysa's aunt's name?
question Who is Lysa's cousin?
question Who offers Sansa a tour of the rest of the Eyrie?
question How many crates did Petyr bring to Sansa?
question What does Lysa tell her to do?
question What does Lysa turn to to accuse her of having sex with Petyr?
question What does Lysa try to assure Lysa that she is a virgin?
question What does Petyr say that Sansa is?
question What does Sansa know about Tyrion?
question What does Lysa witness when he kisses Sansa Stark?
question Where does Sansa sit over the open Moon Door?
question What does Lysa say about Catelyn?
question Who is Sansa called to testify before before Baelish can get to her?
question Who did Sansa tell about her mental instability, jealousy, and death?
question What would Sansa want from her if Littlefinger were eliminated?
question What type of dress does Sansa wear with a plunging neckline?
question Who does Sansa watch practice his swordsmanship with Littlefinger and Yohn Royce?
question Who does Robin leave for further training?
question Where do Sansa and Baelish stop?
question What does Baelish say doesn't apply to Sansa?
question What does Brienne appear to appear before she declares herself for Sansa?
question What does Baelish doubt that Sansa would want to let both of Renly's masters die?
question What event did Brienne appear at?
question What does Baelish claim will be an opportunity for Sansa to marry?
question What does Littlefinger believe Stannis will declare Sansa?
question Who is Sansa's maid?
question What does Sansa tell her to light in the highest window of the Broken Tower if she's ever in trouble?
question What did Myranda talk to Sansa about?
question What does Theon warn Sansa of?
question Who do Sansa dine with at dinner?
question Who announces Walda's pregnancy?
question What is the name of the third unseen girl who Ramsay murdered for sport?
question Who did Ramsay kill?
question How does Myranda tell Myranda she is a Stark of Winterfell?
question What does Theon ask Sansa to do?
question Who officiated Ramsay's wedding ceremony?
question What does Ramsay say about Sansa's hesitancy?
question What does Ramsay do to Sansa?
question What did Ramsay leave on Sansa's arms and body?
question Who keeps Sansa locked in her bedchamber?
question What did Ramsay do when he tries to flee?
question Theon Greyjoy is the only surviving son of who?
question What does Ramsay force Sansa to do?
question Where is Sansa ordered to view her maid's corpse?
question Who were the two brothers that Theon reveals to Sansa that they were alive?
question What did Theon tell Sansa about?
question What did Ramsay do to Sansa as he did terrible things?
question How many farm boys did Theon admit they were not Bran and Rickon?
question What do Theon and Sansa prepare to do?
question Who briefly lowers her arrow and admits Ramsay needs her alive to secure his hold on the North?
question What happens to Myranda's arrow?
question Who finds the Bolton men and hounds?
question Who fight off the Boltons?
question What does Brienne offer her service to Sansa?
question What happens to both Sansa and Brienne?
question What did Sansa reminisce about?
question What does Sansa say the only place they can go now is?
question What does Sansa ask for to help her reclaim their home from the Boltons?
question What does Jon tell her that he had done nothing but fight since he left Winterfell?
question What does Sansa say she will reclaim Winterfell and the North?
question Who do Sansa and Jon share a meal with?
question What is the name of the letter Ramsay signs?
question How many men and women are in shape to fight?
question What does Sansa say the houses of the North will unite behind him?
question What does Petyr add to her brother's army?
question What is Brienne worried about?
question What did Sansa give Jon before riding south?
question Where do Sansa and Jon arrive?
question What does Lyanna say he is?
question What did Sansa say she did?
question How many men are contributed to the White Walkers?
question Who does House Stark try to recruit?
question What do Sansa tell Robett that are pledged to House Stark?
question How many Northern houses are Sansa and Jon able to recruit?
question Where do Sansa and Jon go to to try and persuade Lord Cerwyn?
question What does Sansa tell the Starks to do if they want to save Rickon?
question Who did Jon discuss his battle plans with?
question What does Jon agree with?
question What does Jon say to Ramsay Bolton?
question What does Sansa tell Jon that if Ramsay wins?
question What does Jon cynically say about Sansa?
question Where does Sansa arrive?
question What is heard in the distance during the Battle of the Bastards?
question What do Sansa tell Melisandre that he is having prepared for her?
question What does Jon say to his sister?
question What does Jon say about the Knights of the Vale?
question Who arrived from the Citadel?
question What does Jon return to her as she tells Jon that a white raven arrived from the Citadel?
question What does Jon warn the lords of the North and the Vale that the true enemy won't wait out the storm?
question Who acclaims Jon as the King in the North?
question Who acclaim Jon as the King in the North?
question Who does Jon ask to man the Wall at Eastwatch-by-the-Sea?
question What does Jon say the children of Houses Umber and Karstark cannot be held accountable for?
question What did Sansa worry about the letter's legitimacy?
question What did he read from Tyrion's first meeting with Daenerys Targaryen?
question What battles did Sansa bid Jon farewell from?
question Who disagrees with Sansa's decision?
question What does Jon know about the army of the dead?
question What does Jon do as he leaves the North?
question What does Sansa realize for the coming winter?
question What does Petyr Baelish advocate for?
question Who orders Sansa to see that the armor made for their armies are outfitted with leather to keep warm?
question Why is Sansa confused with the prospect of being the Lady of Winterfell?
question In what way does Sansa walk away?
question Who did the guards reveal that Arya asked for?
question Where is Arya's father looking over?
question What does Sansa ask Arya?
question What does Bran say is because he doesn't want it?
question What does Sansa look down?
question Where does Sansa oversee a meeting of the Northern lords?
question Who propose that Sansa take power in the absence of her half-brother Jon?
question What does Arya think she should not let the Northern lords get away with?
question Who does Sansa disagree with?
question What does Arya believe she has to do if Jon doesn't return to the Northern lords?
question Who saved Jon from defeat?
question What does Petyr tell Sansa?
question Who does Sansa not trust?
question What does Sansa counter that the discovery of the letter will turn against her?
question What does Sansa confide in Petyr about her relationship with Arya?
question Who does Sansa accept?
question Who does Brienne offer to leave her squire?
question What does Arya catch her sister through her personal effects?
question What does Arya do when she tells Arya that her men are loyal to her?
question Who did Arya get the faces from?
question What does Sansa demand that Arya tell Arya?
question When did Arya say they always aspired to be other people?
question What did Sansa want to be?
question How many of Sansa's people got what they wanted?
question What does Arya say about the faces of Sansa?
question What does Arya leave a disturbed Sansa alone with?
question What does Sansa learn about Petyr's ultimate guilt in the War of the Five Kings?
question What charges do Sansa read before Sansa addresses him directly?
question What does Sansa presides over?
question What does Sansa do by Petyr's begging?
question Who did Arya and Sansa remember about looking out for one another?
question How does Sansa undercut Tyrion?
question What does Daenerys ask when she sarcastically asks?
question When did Sansa last meet Tyrion?
question Where will Robett Glover remain with his troops?
question Why does Sansa ask Jon to give up his crown to Daenerys?
question Who will never truly accept an outsider as their ruler again?
question Where do Arya and Sansa observe?
question Where is the Night King housed?
question What does the Night King do in Winterfell's crypts?
question Who did Sansa mourn?
question What is the name of the pyre that Sansa lays on Theon's body?
question What does Tyrion ask her to do with Daenerys' dragons?
question What does Tyrion say about Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion realize when he asks Sansa to look at Daenerys?
question What does Sansa realize when Tyrion urges Sansa not to provoke Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion do when she asks Tyrion not to provoke Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion say Jon once told him he's not a Stark?
question What did Tyrion ask for to convince Sansa of Daenerys?
question Where does Sansa attend a great council?
question Who is Bran elected as?
question What did Sansa believe in the tales and epic romances?
question Who was Sansa infatuated with?
question What made Sansa vulnerable to the manipulations of the Lannisters?
question What was Cersei's belief that all queens and princes are kind and truthful?
question What did the psychopathic Joffrey have publicly beaten by his guards for?
question Who were still alive in Sansa's life?
question What did Sansa learn from painful experience to survive at Joffrey's court?
question What does Sansa begin to mature into?
question What did the crimes against her and her family have turned her more ruthless?
question When does Theon come to the Godswood to marry Ramsay?
question What does Sansa do for being awful when they were children?
question What does Sansa develop when she faces Myranda for the last time prior to her escape from Winterfell?
question What did Sansa's sufferings make her more war-like?
question What does Sansa's experiences with the Lannisters have enabled her to watch in grim satisfaction?
question Who is Sansa effective as?
question Why does Sansa experience a development in the relationships with her surviving siblings when they are reunited?
question What do Sansa and Jon love when they are reunited?
question What does Sansa want to do with Jon?
question What did Sansa and Arya experience after their reunion in Season?
question What do Sansa and Arya develop a new closeness as by the end of Season?
question Who taught Sansa to play the High harp?
question What does Sansa have a romantic notion of fighting honorably for love and loyalty?
question What did Sansa do in the books?
question What did Sansa think she would do if she told Cersei she would smooth over their disagreements?
question Who knew what Eddard planned to do and had time to prepare counter-measures?
question What does Sansa use as an armor?
question Where is Sansa held?
question Why does Sansa not refer to herself as princess?
question What does Sansa do in the show?
question What does Shae sometimes give Sansa?
question Who is Littlefinger's bastard daughter?
question What does Sansa know Littlefinger is?
question What was the name of the two people killed by Jon Arryn?
question What did Lysa think would let her go?
question Who's death did Sansa become full of confidence overnight?
question What does Sansa become as the protg of Littlefinger during her time in the Vale?
question What is the difference between Littlefinger and Littlefinger?
question What are Littlefinger's manipulations of?
question What does Sansa do after Lysa's death?
question How many lemon cakes does Robert Arryn demand?
question What did Robert initially declare he hated her for?
question Why does Sansa try to nuzzle at her breasts and wet the bed during his seizures?
question What do Sansa must wed as the Lord of the Eyrie and Defender of the Vale?
question Who calls her Littlefinger's bastard?
question What did Littlefinger instruct Harrold to do?
question What does Sansa ask about to test his honesty?
question What does Harrold refuse to wear in the tourney?
question What story did Sansa's arc diverge significantly from that in the books?
question Who is Robert Arryn's presumptive heir?
question What does Littlefinger plan to do to Sansa?
question Who is the elder of Robert's bastards?
question What is Sansa pronounced between San-suh and Sohn-suh?
question Who is Sansa pronounced SAHN-suh?
question What will women retain if their family is more powerful or ancient than their husband's?
question What happens when a noblewoman marries above her station into a more powerful family?
question What would a noblewoman who married below her station continue to use the name of the more prestigious family she was born into?
question Who were the Great Houses of equal social rank?
question Who forced Sansa into a marriage to a similarly unwilling husband?
question What type of marriage did the Starks and Lannisters have?
question Why are both Sansa and Tyrion wanted for regicide and far away from each other?
question What do the books do not specify the requirements for an annulment?
question Why is it unclear how difficult it will be to annul the marriage?
question What does Littlefinger say Sansa knows her marriage can be annulled?
question What is the third novel of Sansa?
question What is the first past of the prophecy?
question What type of TV Recommendations do Daenerys TargaryenRhaegar TargaryenSansa Stark
question Who is the younger brother of Lord Tyrion Lannister?
question Who is the youngest child of Lord Tywin Lannister?
question What is the name of the dwarf who uses his wit and intellect to overcome the prejudice he faces?
question Who is the current Lord of Casterly Rock and Hand of the King?
question Who blame Tyrion's mother for giving birth?
question What names does Tyrion try to embrace to keep his self esteem up?
question What was Tyrion's birthright as a Lannister?
question Who did Tyrion attempt to rape when he was sixteen?
question Who did Tyrion help when Tyrion interrupted the attempted rape of a wheelwright's daughter?
question Where did Tyrion help Tysha get married?
question Who paid Tysha to service every one of Tyrion's guards while Tyrion watched?
question What did Jaime confess to helping Tyrion?
question Where does Tyrion visit upon his arrival in Winterfell?
question What is Tyrion's fondness for?
question Who refuses to pay his respects to Lord and Lady Stark after Bran's fall?
question Who did Prince Joffrey refuse to pay his respects to after Bran's fall?
question What does Tyrion do with his family after Bran's fall?
question What did Tyrion take interest in Bran's fall?
question Who ask Tyrion to use his influence to recruit more men for the Night's Watch?
question What does Tyrion believe in danger beyond the Wall?
question Who attacked Catelyn?
question What are the Eyrie's sky-cells?
question What does Tyrion confess to being?
question Who is Tyrion's gaoler?
question Who does Bronn kill?
question Where does Bronn accompanies Ser Vardis Egen?
question Who is the leader of the hill tribes?
question What did Tyrion offer to help the hill tribes conquer?
question What does Shagga say if Tyrion tries to renege on his promise he will cut off his manhood and feed it
question What does Tywin agree to?
question Where does Tyrion lead the hill tribes into battle?
question What does Tywin try to try to keep Joffrey in line and execute any of the small council members if they try anything?
question Who accompany Tyrion to King's Landing?
question Who was Tyrion's sister?
question What makes Shae want to fuck?
question Who is trying to convince Shae that he is truthful in comparison to?
question What does Tyrion say he will make changes during his tenure as Hand of the King to Shae?
question Who discovers Shae's presence?
question Who was Robb Stark's cousin?
question Who is exiled to the Wall?
question What does Tyrion note about his sexual relationship with Cersei?
question Tyrion uses the information to blackmail Lancel?
question What does Stannis Baratheon insist on?
question Who does Tyrion visit to learn that the guild have stockpiled thousands of jars of Wildfire to use as catapult ammunition?
question Why does Bronn see this strategy as potentially disastrous?
question Who does Tyrion order to answer to him instead of Cersei?
question What is the name of the starving crowd that confronts Cersei as they return to the Red Keep?
question Who does Tyrion order a guard to escort back to the Keep?
question What does Tyrion do to the High Septon?
question What does Tyrion call Joffrey?
question Who slaps Tyrion when he refuses to listen to the criticism?
question Cersei believes what might be the price she pays for her sin of incest with Jaime?
question How long is Stannis' fleet?
question Where does Tyrion believe Stannis will attack?
question What does Tyrion prefer to do after Joffrey leaves?
question What did Cersei suspect Tyrion of?
question Where is Stannis spotted?
question What did Tyrion say to Cersei?
question What does Varys provide him with?
question What does Tyrion smile at to Joffrey?
question What does Tyrion do to destroy a large portion of the attacking fleet?
question Who did the King leave to fight in his name?
question What is Tyrion faced with from his troops?
question What did Tyrion destroy during a sortie through the tunnels under the city?
question Who wounded Tyrion?
question What is the name of the reinforcements that are led by a man wearing Renly's armor?
question Who is the victors of Lannister-Tyrell?
question What does Tyrion reject?
question Bronn has been relieved of what?
question What does Tyrion show Shae?
question What does Tyrion do?
question What does Tyrion say is something that he enjoys and enjoys?
question Who did Bronn style himself as of the Blackwater?
question What does Ser Bronn possess?
question How much did Tyrion pay for Bronn?
question Who is Tyrion the next in lawful line of succession?
question What did Tywin consider him to be?
question What does Tywin warn him that if he catches another whore in his bed he will hang?
question Where does Shae sneak into Tyrion's new chambers?
question Who threatened to kill Tyrion if he found her with him again?
question What does Tyrion say about having sex with Ros?
question Who will Littlefinger marry?
question What does Tywin say he has appointed Tyrion to replace him if Baelish leaves a vacancy on the small council?
question What does Tyrion say he has no prior experience in finance?
question What did Tyrion say about the release of Ros?
question What does Tyrion warn of when debtors to the Iron Bank cannot repay their loans?
question Who said he did all sorts of things with the prostitutes?
question What kind of notes did Pod and Bronn ask to take?
question What was the story of Tyrion traveling through the Free Cities with a party of actors?
question Who casts Tyrion?
question Who did Varys pries open the box in the room?
question Who explains to Tyrion that House Tyrell will support the cost of the wedding between Joffrey and Margaery?
question What does Tyrion threaten Joffrey with at the night of their wedding?
question What does Tyrion tell Joffrey?
question What does Tyrion insist he won't bed her until she wants him to do?
question What did Tyrion try to do after his marriage with Sansa?
question What would Tyrion punish instead of the harsh reality of political ones?
question Who orders Tyrion to thank Frey and send Robb Stark's head to Sansa?
question What happens to Tyrion before Pycelle can send any messages to the Twins?
question What do Tywin and Tyrion discuss after the end of the meeting?
question What does Tywin teach him about?
question What did Tyrion protest?
question What did Tywin say he wanted to do when he was born?
question Who did Cersei inform Tyrion that she won't marry?
question What do Cersei ask Tyrion to give Sansa children?
question Who is Tyrion waiting for to arrive at King's Landing?
question What do the Dornishman see coming their way?
question What prevents Prince Doran from leaving Sunspear?
question When did Oberyn enter the city?
question What song does Prince Oberyn sing?
question Who is Oberyn's paramour?
question What did Oberyn tell Tyrion why he came to the capital?
question What does Tyrion know he's?
question Who brutally murdered Elia's children?
question Who did Tyrion try to comfort Sansa?
question What does Tyrion advise Sansa to do?
question What happens when he returns to his bedchamber?
question What does Shae ask him if he wants Sansa out of the city?
question Who were the noblemen and women present in King's Landing?
question Who were the reigns of Tyrion?
question What sword is given to Tyrion by his grandfather?
question What does Tyrion show towards Shae?
question What does Tyrion tell Shae that she is to leave and go to live in Pentos?
question What does Tyrion say Shae is afraid of his sister and father?
question What does Tyrion call Shae?
question Who did Joffrey suggest Tyrion fight at the end of the show?
question What kind of undertone is Joffrey Insulted at at the Battle of the Blackwater?
question What did Joffrey instruct Tyrion to act as his cupbearer?
question What does Tyrion give Tyrion?
question What did Podrick inform Tyrion of?
question What did Tyrion believe Sansa had nothing to do with?
question What did Tyrion offer to Pod if he testified against him?
question Who leaves King's Landing?
question What did Tyrion know about a knighthood if he testified against him?
question What did Jaime try to comfort Tyrion?
question What did Tyrion say he would do if he did it?
question Who is the newly-crowned King of the Blackwater?
question Who is the presiding judge of Tywin Lannister?
question What kind of evidence does Cersei give to Tyrion?
question When did Varys tell him that he had saved the city?
question What does Varys tell Tyrion?
question Who did Shae want to do if he killed the King for her?
question Who demands a trial by Tyrion?
question What did the court explode in?
question What does Jaime decline to be Tyrion's champion?
question What does Bronn share with Tyrion?
question What did Oberyn see to Tyrion?
question What does Oberyn tell Tyrion that he seeks justice for his sister's death?
question What does Oberyn counter to?
question Where does Jaime visit Tyrion on the day of his trial by combat?
question Who is Tyrion's cousin?
question How long did Tyrion watch Orson Lannister?
question What happens when Jaime says he doesn't know?
question What is the Bound in?
question What does Tyrion advise Oberyn against before the fight starts?
question Where does Jaime lead Tyrion through?
question Who does Varys believe will be the last time they see each other?
question What does Jaime leave him with on the cheek?
question Where does Tyrion first enter?
question What does Shae grab when she spots him?
question What does Shae do when she finds her in Tywin's bed?
question What is the act done in self-defense?
question What does Tywin force his father to do?
question Who stows Tyrion away within a crate upon a ship?
question Who is Tyrion brought to in Pentos?
question Where are Varys and Tyrion located?
question What did Varys say his goal was to bring peace and prosperity upon the kingdoms?
question What does Varys say he can do here in Pentos?
question What happened to Tyrion and Varys?
question What is Tyrion's attitude to being confined in a box of some sort?
question Who walk along the Long Bridge?
question What bridge does Tyrion and Varys walk along?
question How does Tyrion get through Volantis?
question What do Volantene slaves must sport?
question What does Varys find him doing?
question Who was the only Red Priest in King's Landing?
question What prophesied savior does Tyrion preach?
question What happens to Tyrion when he woos a prostitute?
question What do Tyrion go to off the side of the bridge?
question What did Tyrion do to Jorah?
question What is Tyrion's reaction to Jorah?
question What does Tyrion believe he will earn a pardon for?
question Who travels through Old Valyria?
question Where are Jorah and Tyrion going to pass through?
question What is Tyrion excited to see?
question What did Tyrion recites a poem about?
question Who attacked Tyrion?
question Where does Jorah rescue Tyrion?
question What village does Jorah seek out to acquire another boat?
question What do Jorah and Tyrion only have to eat?
question What did Tyrion explain to Jorah about his father's death?
question Why did Tyrion find his father?
question What does Tyrion say about Jeor Mormont?
question What is Jorah to realize he means that his father is dead?
question What does Tyrion become when he says he thought that Jorah knew already?
question What did Tyrion say his father led an expedition beyond the Wall?
question How does Jorah process his father's death?
question Who captures Jorah and Tyrion?
question Who deems Tyrion useless and orders his throat cut and his penis removed to be sold to a cock merchant?
question Why does Yezzan buy Tyrion?
question What is the name of the small fighting pit that will celebrate the opening of the games?
question Tyrion reveals himself as what?
question Why did Tyrion convince her to spare him?
question Who discussed family and politics?
question Why did Tyrion admit he traveled to Meereen?
question What does Daenerys decide to do to Tyrion?
question What does Daenerys say she will stay in Meereen to ensure there is no more slavery?
question When Daenerys flies off on Drogon's back, Tyrion is struck with awe as he watches her fly
question Who do Tyrion sit in the throne room with in the aftermath of Daenerys?
question What did Varys admit to finding Daenerys?
question What did Varys congratulate Tyrion for?
question What does Varys allude to in Meereen?
question What do Varys vow to help each other hold Meereen together?
question What did Tyrion admit he missed Varys?
question Where is Viserion and Rhaegal located?
question What does Tyrion believe the dragons are in captivity?
question What does Missandei say about the dragons?
question What do Tyrion decide to do to the dragons?
question Who do Tyrion encounter for the first time?
question What kind of games does Tyrion try to pass the time with Missandei and Grey Worm?
question What does Tyrion want to do with the Sons of the Harpy?
question Grey Worm advocates using what?
question Who is Tyrion's former slave master?
question Who is Tyrion?
question Who offers to give Daenerys and her allies a large amount of money and ships if they leave Slaver's Bay?
question Who claims that slavery has existed in Slaver's Bay for centuries?
question What does Tyrion propose to the slave masters?
question How long is the time limit for Slaver's Bay?
question What do the Sons of the Harpy do regardless of?
question What does Tyrion warn the slaves of the Harpy?
question What did Tyrion give them at the conclusion of the meeting?
question Who confronts Tyrion and his entourage in the Meereen throne room?
question What does Tyrion insist he is doing his best to do?
question Who do the freedmen refuse to listen to for reassurance?
question What did the freedmen publicly back Tyrion in front of the freedmen?
question What does Tyrion assure Missandei and Grey Worm that he is serving Daenerys' interest by taking advantage of the Masters'
question Why does Grey Worm warn the slavers to take advantage of Tyrion?
question Who did Tyrion have to convince the Meereenese that everything has been done with Daenerys' blessing?
question Who is Kinvara?
question What did Kinvara believe Daenerys was?
question What does Kinvara assure Tyrion of?
question Who did Tyrion wish to celebrate with for the resurgence of Meereen?
question Who lay siege to the city?
question What does Grey Worm prefer to do to the Unsullied?
question What do the Unsullied hear when they enter the Great Pyramid?
question Who is responsible for the siege of Meereen?
question What does Tyrion propose for King's Landing?
question Who do Dany orders to burn the slavers' fleet?
question What does Tyrion order Grey Worm to kill the two slave masters?
question What wipes out the resurgent Sons of the Harpy?
question Where is Tyrion present after the battle?
question What does Tyrion protest about the independence of the Iron Islands?
question What do Dany and Tyrion discuss?
question What does Tyrion say he is not good at?
question What does Tyrion say she is more likely to let Daario go than by the actual loss of the relationship?
question What does Daenerys name him?
question Where did Tyrion kneel before Daenerys?
question What is the flagship of Daenerys?
question What is the name of Tyrion's appointment?
question Who did Varys secure the alliance of?
question What does Daenerys request that Varys not conspire against her?
question Who will not attack Westeros?
question Who agree to follow Tyrion's plan?
question What does Tyrion call Jon?
question What kind of barbs do Tyrion and Davos exchange back and forth?
question What are Jon and his party forced to do?
question What happens when the party is escorted towards the castle?
question What does Tyrion believe would work out well for the Starks?
question What does Jon take a moment to recover from?
question What is the meeting tense as both sides refuse to submit to the other's demands?
question What does Tyrion ask Jon?
question What is the purpose of Tyrion's plan to seize Casterly Rock?
question What does Euron's Iron Fleet attack?
question Who inform Daenerys that the Unsullied succeeded in capturing Casterly Rock?
question What has Daenerys gained from the Unsullied?
question What did Tyrion blame Tyrion for losing?
question Why does Tyrion accuse Daenerys of losing Dorne, the Iron Islands, and the Reach?
question Where did the Lannister army win?
question What does Daenerys offer to the surviving Lannister and Tarly men?
question Who refuses Tyrion's loyalty to Cersei?
question What did Tyrion suggest at Daenerys' council meeting?
question How long does Tyrion make his way into the Red Keep?
question What kind of session does Bronn arrange the meeting?
question Who dispatches the two Gold Cloaks before the guards can arrest him?
question Who gave Jorah the coin used to pay for him?
question What does Daenerys say she doesn't want Dany to be a hero?
question Which men fell in love with Dany?
question How does Tyrion respond to Jon Snow?
question What does Tyrion call Jon too little for her?
question What does Daenerys say she knows Tyrion?
question What does Daenerys say will happen if she meets Cersei?
question What would Daenerys do to her first?
question What do Daenerys and Tyrion vow to do if they go to the capital?
question When Daenerys asks him if they should lay a trap, what does Tyrion say?
question What does Daenerys say is not the right way of ruling?
question What did Tyrion promise to do to Aegon Targaryen?
question What does Daenerys respond to when she killed the Tarlys?
question What is the only way to beat the Tarlys?
question Who did Daenerys remind him they lost?
question Who did Tyrion claim did Daenerys know when they left?
question What is the hardest thing to do if Daenerys dies?
question What fleet did Tyrion, Varys, Missandei, Jon and Davos nervously sail past?
question Where does Tyrion lead the Targaryen entourage?
question Who did Tyrion believe no one would have touched while Tywin was alive?
question Who does Tyrion try to goad her into having him killed?
question Why did Cersei refuse to give the order to Ser Gregor?
question What did Cersei feel when she saw the wight?
question Who joins Tyrion's allies at the Dragonpit?
question What is Tyrion concerned about for his Queen?
question Who did Tyrion reveal they allied with to defeat the Night King?
question What did Jaime realize when she arrives at Winterfell?
question What do Tyrion, Podrick, Jaime, Brienne of Tarth, Tormund and Davos Seaworth do while preparing
question How much did Tyrion promise to kill him?
question When did Tyrion secretly release Jaime?
question How does Tyrion stare at the destruction of King's Landing?
question What is the name of the brooch that Daenerys removes before throwing it away in disgust?
question Who does Daenerys order?
question What did Tyrion try to reason out Varys's actions?
question What do Tyrion tell him about Daenerys?
question What is more powerful than reason?
question What does Tyrion say is the death of love?
question What does Tyrion believe Daenerys is the true heir to the throne?
question What does Tyrion remind Jon of?
question What is Jon's belief that Daenerys will not bend the knee to Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion ask the gathering to do to the new monarch of the Seven Kingdoms?
question What does Tyrion say is for the better as heirs often don't make good kings?
question What does Bran charge Tyrion for his past mistakes in supporting and committing treason against Bran's predecessor?
question What is the name of the vacant positions that Tyrion assures will be filled before the king goes away to find Drogon?
question What are the primary tasks of Tyrion?
question What did Tyrion bring into a brothel?
question What type of intellect has Tyrion committed himself to possess to help make up his dwarfism?
question Along with Littlefinger and Pycelle, what two players have Tyrion gotten the better of?
question What is Tyrion able to do about his short stature?
question What does Tyrion's bastard status mean?
question What has Tyrion shown his fellow outcasts kindness?
question How is Tyrion upset when the helpless are harmed?
question Tyrion is genuinely loyal to those who treat him with what?
question What did Tyrion consider the Red Wedding events?
question Who is the Master of Whisperers?
question What was the reason Tyrion and Varys were wary of each other at first?
question What is Tyrion not without?
question What will Tyrion quickly find when he's stressed, upset or uncomfortable?
question What does Tyrion crave because his father and sister treated him like a social leper?
question What does Tywin's family do to him?
question Who was the only person Tywin ever loved?
question Tywin hates Tyrion for what?
question What is the embarrassment that Tyrion was born with?
question What happened to Tyrion's father?
question Who showed active care, affection, love and worry for Tyrion?
question What did Tyrion reciprocate with his sister Cersei?
question What do Tyrion's skills with political maneuvering, administration, and diplomacy differ from his father?
question What did Tyrion try to do to Daenerys?
question What does Tyrion always want to do with matters?
question When is Tyrion in the A Song of Ice and Fire novels?
question Who is four years older than Lena Headey?
question What is Tyrion described as having?
question What types of hairs does Tyrion have when he lets his beard grow in?
question Who wrote the prophecy about the valonqar?
question What was Tyrion's dream of riding a dragon?
question Who were Tyrion's uncles?
question What are most of Tyrion's accounts about dragons?
question Who orders Tyrion to set down all he knows of dragonlore?
question Who did Tyrion think about meeting?
question At what battle is Tyrion not knocked out by his own men?
question What kind of adversity does Tyrion hold at the Battle of the Green Fork?
question What is Tyrion's role in the Battle of the Green Fork?
question What happened to Jaime in the Battle of the Green Fork?
question Who becomes their new commander when Tyrion relieves Janos Slynt of command of the Gold cloaks?
question How many men have Tyrion sent to break Jaime out?
question What does Tyrion use from a brothel to approach Shae?
question What is the most important of the defenses for the city that Tyrion builds?
question In what book is Tyrion's nose cut off by Ser Mandon Moore's sword swipe?
question What would I wear for the next few years?
question Who would have a lot of work on their hands?
question What did the digital artist come up with in the book's version of the Battle of Blackwater?
question What did Dinklage start doing when a stage hand closes the clapperboard?
question In what reel did Dinklage start pretending that board was held too close and cut his nose off?
question Who is killed and Tyrion is sentenced to death?
question What is the fourth book of Tyrion's book?
question Who kills several innocent dwarfs?
question What dwarf performed at Joffrey's wedding?
question Who are Griff and Aegon Targaryen?
question What does Tyrion believe Aegon will look like a beggar?
question Who rescues Tyrion?
question Who is one of the dwarfs who performed at Joffrey's wedding?
question Who is the Red Priest of Volantis?
question In what storm is the ship badly damaged?
question Who captures the passengers of the ship after floating for days?
question Who are sold to Yezzan zo Qaggaz?
question What board game does Tyrion impress Yezzan?
question What did Daenerys do to the slave masters?
question Where does Tyrion escape with Jorah and Penny?
question Who has confirmed that Tyrion and Daenerys will meet face to face in The Winds of Winter?
question What taboo did Tyrion loathe Joffrey?
question What have Tyrion and Jaime always been on?
question What did Jaime bring when Tyrion was small?
question What was Tyrion's first pony?
question What is Tyrion Lannister pronounced?
question Who is Ser Barristan Selmy?
question What is the name of Lord Mace Tyrell?
question Who is the name of the man?
question What is the name of the seaworth?
